

--- page 1 ---
        
 
 
 
Date:  05-06-2026 
 
 
To, 
 
The BSE Limted                                                         
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers                               
Dalal Street, 
MUMBAI- 400 001 
Scrip Code: 539837 
The Listing Department 
The National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, C -1, Block -G, Bandra -Kurla 
Complex, Bandra (East), Mumbai- 400051 
Company Code: RPEL 
 
Sub: Annual Report for the year ended March 31st 2026 
 
Dear Sir 
In terms of the provisions of Regulation 34 of Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Listing Obligation and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed 
herewith a copy of Annual Report 2025-26 along with Notice of 17 th AGM of the Company 
scheduled to be held through video conferencing/other audio visual means. 
Further, record date for the purpose of determining entitlement of members for the final 
dividend for the financial year 2025-2026 is 19th June, 2027. The payment of dividend shall 
be made subject to the approval of the members’ approval at the 17th AGM. 
 
The Integrated Annual Report 2025 -2026 along with Notice  and other relevant details are 
available on the company’s website at https://www.rammingmass.com/annual-
reports.php#investor-tab  
 
Kindly take above in your records and oblige 
Thanking You 
Yours Faithfully 
For Raghav Productivity Enhancers Limited 
 
 
 
Neha Rathi 
(Company Secretary & Compliance Officer) 
M.No.: A38807 

--- page 2 ---
Annual Report 2025-26
A FUTURE OF   
POSSIBILITY .
A DECADE OF  
TRUST. 

--- page 3 ---
Contents
02 
Statutory  
Reports
03 
Financial  
Statements
2026 marks a 
significant milestone 
in the history of 
Raghav Productivity 
Enhancers 
Limited (RPEL), 
commemorating 
10 years of our 
public listing, 
reflecting a period of 
tremendous growth. 
Built on a decade of trust and ongoing 
stakeholder value creation, our 
journey has been defined by prudent 
capital allocation, superior product 
quality, operational excellence, sound 
governance and record performance.  
Through market shifts and an evolving 
global environment, we stayed the 
course, actively investing in R&D, 
extensive manufacturing capabilities, 
cutting-edge technology, strategic 
partnerships and a resilient supply chain 
to deliver reliable solutions to meet 
each client’s unique plant requirements, 
optimising performance, heat output 
and cost efficiency.
Being the only company to transcend 
geographical barriers in a traditionally 
localised and unorganised industry, 
we have established a robust presence 
across 27 states in India, increasing our 
market share from a mere 3.5% in FY16 
to 14.0% in FY26, while accelerating our 
export footprint across 39+ countries 
worldwide, cementing our position 
as the world’s largest manufacturer of 
Silica Ramming Mass. The receipt of the 
world’s first patent for a silica ramming 
mass manufacturer further reinforces 
our ability to stay ahead of the industry 
in terms of our manufacturing prowess. 
During the fiscal year, we sustained our 
growth momentum, delivering strong 
performance. Further, robust capacity 
utilisation and expansion measures 
enhanced our productivity, enabling us 
to meet rising demand from domestic 
and international markets.
A Future of Possibility.
A Decade of Trust.
For more details,
please visit:
www.rammingmass.com
As we move ahead, anchored in continued trust and reliability, we are well 
poised to enter the next phase of sustainable growth.
Led by visionary leadership, financial acumen and a clear focus, we are 
confidently stepping into a future of exciting possibilities. Through targeted 
capacity expansion, cross-selling opportunities and diversification into 
adjacent silica-based applications and high-margin emerging sectors such 
as the foundry segment, we are transitioning to a future-ready global 
enterprise committed to creating lasting value for our stakeholders.
01 Theme Introduction
02 10 Years of Listing History
04 About RPEL
10 Our Operating Footprint
12 Chairman’s Message
14 Managing Director’s Communique
16 Strategic Blueprint
17 Core Leadership
18 Our Leadership Team
19 Our Independent Directors
20 Recognitions
21 Corporate Information
01 
Corporate  
Overview
22 Management Discussion & Analysis
29 Directors' Report
49 Reports on Corporate Governance
67  Business Responsibility &  
Sustainability Reporting
104  Notice
118 Standalone Financial Statements
166 Consolidated Financial Statements

--- page 4 ---
10 Years of Listing History
A decade of consistent execution. A journey of exponential growth.
Performance 
Highlights
10 Y ears Average
24%
ROCE
19%
ROE
10 Y ears Cumulative
₹ 197 Crores
PAT
₹ 167 Crores
Cash Flow From 
Operations
FY16
BSE SME IPO 
(Mcap of  
` 28 Crores)
FY21
Fund Raise 
through 
Preferential 
Issue from 
Marquee 
Investors
FY17
Broke 
Geographical 
Barriers - Entry  
into South/
East Markets & 
Exports
FY22
Tie-up with 
Capital 
Refractories, 
UK for foundry 
sales
FY18
Collaboration 
with IIT 
Bombay and 
Recognition 
for in-house 
R&D by GoI
FY23
Market Cap 
Crossed  
` 1,000 Crores
FY19
Collab with 
JWK Sweden 
for Product 
Development 
R&D
FY24
Set-up of 
New Plant in 
Subsidiary
FY20
Migration 
to BSE 
Main 
Board
FY25
Grant of 
Indigenously 
Developed 
Process Patent 
by GoI; Part 
of India's 
Top 1,000 
companies by 
Mcap
FY26
Undertaking 
~30% capacity 
expansion 
at existing 
facilities
KEY MILESTONES
36
FY16
414
FY26
11.5x
Growth
28%
CAGR
Capacity
(KMT)
20
FY16
254
FY26
12.7x
Growth
32%
CAGR
Ramming Mass Sales
(` Crores)
29
FY16
332
FY26
11.4x
Growth
28%
CAGR
Volume
(KMT)
5
FY16
75
FY26
15x
Growth
32%
CAGR
EBITDA
(` Crores)
1
FY16
80
FY26
80x
Growth
56%
CAGR
Exports Volume
(KMT)
1
FY16
55
FY26
55x
Growth
45%
CAGR
PAT
(` Crores)
02
Annual Report 2025-26 03
Annual Report 2025-26
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 118STATUTORY REPORTS22CORPORATE OVERVIEW01Raghav Productivity Enhancers Ltd.

--- page 5 ---
ABOUT RPEL 
A Legacy of Trust and Reliability in 
Silica Ramming Mass Manufacturing
Backed by modern manufacturing infrastructure 
and dynamic R&D capabilities, we develop superior 
quality, tailored products that provide non-linear cost 
savings and enhance productivity for steel, foundry 
and casting industries. 
Our technical partnership with JWK AB, Sweden, 
further strengthens our capacity to supply high 
quality refractory materials to large capacity plants in 
India and countries worldwide. 
Since our listing in 2016, we have grown consistently, 
increasing revenues, market share and customer 
reach while delivering lasting value to our 
stakeholders, reinforcing our position as a trusted 
global player in a dynamic industry landscape.
Committed to 
innovation, excellence 
and customer-centricity, 
RPEL is the largest 
manufacturer of 
Silica Ramming 
Mass globally. In an 
industry traditionally 
dominated by local 
market suppliers, 
we have established 
ourselves as World's 
largest manufacturer
The RPEL Edge
Offering customised 
products that 
enhance end-user 
productivity and 
enable savings in 
energy costs due to 
the higher longevity 
of furnace lining.
Our Value 
Proposition
COST REDUCTION
Our ramming mass exemplifies how a small input 
can create a substantial impact. Despite accounting 
for only ~0.2% of a steel plant’s production cost, 
its superior performance helps lower electricity 
consumption—the industry’s largest operating 
expense. As a result, customers benefit from 
disproportionate cost savings and exceptional 
returns on a relatively small cost item.
CUSTOMISATION
Our meticulously engineered solutions are customised 
to each client’s plant-specific requirements, unlocking 
higher performance and optimised heat output. 
Powered by robust R&D and data-driven expertise, we are 
the industry’s sole provider of this level of customisation. 
This differentiated approach guarantees up to 25% more 
heats, enabling clients to enhance productivity, improve 
operational efficiency and achieve meaningful cost savings.
ASSURED SUPPLY 
Leveraging our extensive production 
capabilities, advanced technology and 
a robust raw material supply chain, we 
ensure a dependable and uninterrupted 
supply for our clients. This assurance 
helps our clients to maintain continuous 
operations, further reinforcing the value 
and reliability of our offerings.
ONSITE TECHNICAL TRIALS
Our engineering experts conduct 
on-site trials at each steel plant, offering 
guidance on installation know-how and 
proven methods to improve productivity. 
We present our ramming mass as a holistic 
solution that ensures seamless integration 
and delivers the best outcomes 
for our clients. 
CLIENT GUIDANCE
We offer customised solutions to our clients 
to overcome challenges with ramming mass 
application and quality, evaluating their 
plant and raw material composition. Our goal 
is to help boost productivity and address any 
performance issues. 
PRODUCTIVITY ENHANCEMENT
The synergy of our world-class product and specialised 
onsite installation reinforces our proposition of yielding 
higher heat, thereby significantly improving productivity. 
This powerful combination positions our Ramming 
Mass as a transformative industry solution, delivering 
substantial gains for our clients.
What is Silica Ramming Mass 
Refractory material made from 
quartz mineral and binder 
chemicals, yielding optimal output 
and excellent metallurgical control.
End Users of Silica Ramming Mass
• Induction Furnace (IF) based Steel Plants 
• Foundries 
• Casting units.
Silica Ramming Mass Application
Used in the inner lining of 
Induction Furnaces (IF) as a 
protective lining and insulator.
Raghav Productivity Enhancers Ltd.
04
Annual Report 2025-26
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 118STATUTORY REPORTS22CORPORATE OVERVIEW01
Annual Report 2025-26 05

--- page 6 ---
ABOUT RPEL 
What
sets us  
apart
Industry Leader
• India’s leading silica ramming mass manufacturer, delivering 
operational excellence with tailored solutions and organising 
industry events.
• World’s only silica ramming mass manufacturer to offer 
customised solutions based on customers’ plant requirements, 
driving higher productivity and heat yields.
• Positioned as the highest price, lowest cost player in the 
industry, utilising a premium value-added based pricing model 
for generating higher realisations.
Widespread Reach 
• Unmatched cost-to-productivity advantage,with 
presence across 27+ states.
• Supplying to large capacity plants nationwide. 
• India’s largest exporter with presence across 39+ 
countries worldwide.
Patent Innovation
• Secured the first-ever patent, granted by the Government 
of India, for silica ramming mass manufacturing process, 
strengthening the Company's technological credentials.
• Multiple patent applications under review in India and key 
international jurisdictions, reflecting the Company's continued 
focus on innovation.
Superior Product Quality
• Offering solutions that deliver at least 25% more heats than any other 
silica ramming mass supplier worldwide.
• Continuous product innovation and stringent quality standards ensure 
consistent performance and strong customer acceptance.
Visionary Management Team 
• Technical partnership with leading 
technology consulting and R&D 
firm - JWK AB Sweden Long standing 
collaboration with IIT Bombay.
Robust Market Share and Growth
• Rapid increase in market share, driven by 
high product quality and its non-linear cost 
& productivity benefits for steel, foundry 
and casting plants.
Infrastructure Excellence
• Established world’s first fully automated 
manufacturing plant, entirely designed 
indigenously with proprietary technology.
• In-house R&D Laboratory - India's sole 
government-approved facility, in the 
industry, driving data-driven product 
innovation, supported by an advisory 
board of global domain experts.
R&D Leadership
• Successfully launched advanced silica 
ramming mass variants every two 
years, with each new variant delivering 
superior performance.
• Leveraging silica processing expertise 
to enter high-growth segments 
such as engineered stone and 
semiconductor crucibles.
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 118STATUTORY REPORTS22CORPORATE OVERVIEW01Raghav Productivity Enhancers Ltd.
06
Annual Report 2025-26 07
Annual Report 2025-26

--- page 7 ---
ABOUT RPEL 
FY26 Progress in Numbers
Financial Highlights
Operational Highlights
₹ 259 Crores
Total Income (↑29% Y-o-Y)
534K MTPA
Proposed Capacity Expansion 
To be live by October 2026.
₹ 11.94
EPS (↑48% Y-o-Y)
28%
ROCE
₹ 75 Crores
EBITDA (↑40% Y-o-Y)
80%
Capacity Utilisation
<30%
Contribution from  
top 10 customers
₹ 37Crores
Cash Flow From Operations
₹ 55 Crores
PAT (↑48% Y-o-Y)
332 KMT
Production Units
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 118STATUTORY REPORTS22CORPORATE OVERVIEW01
09
Annual Report 2025-2608 Annual Report 2025-26
Raghav Productivity Enhancers Ltd.

--- page 8 ---
OUR OPERATING FOOTPRINT 
Rooted in India, Growing Worldwide
Having embarked on our global journey 10 years ago, our exports have grown exponentially since then. 
We registered an 29% volume growth over the period, a strong testament to our resilience and balanced focus 
on strengthening local roots while steadily extending our international presence. 
In FY26, our export growth remained largely on track, despite a marginal impact seen during March owing to 
war related disruption.
Operating in an industry largely dominated by local suppliers, RPEL has broken geographical 
barriers, establishing itself as the world’s largest manufacturer of silica ramming mass. With a 
strong pan India presence, we export to 39+ countries across Asia, Africa, and the Middle 
East, delivering reliable ramming mass and complementary refractory solutions at scale.
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
15
16
13
14 17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
LOCAL PRESENCE ACROSS STATES
36
2
313034
33
32 29 27
28
26 20
23
22
25 18
21
16
19
15
37
38
14 17
13
10
8
35
9
39 12 11
24
3 4
5
1
7
6
OUR GLOBAL PRESENCE
01. Andhra Pradesh
02. Arunachal Pradesh
03. Assam
04. Bihar
05. Chhattisgarh
06. Dadra & Nagar Haveli
07. Goa
08. Gujarat
09. Haryana 
10. Himachal Pradesh
11. Jammu & Kashmir
12. Jharkhand
13. Karnataka
14. Madhya Pradesh
15. Meghalaya
16. Maharashtra
17. Mizoram
18. Odisha
19. Puducherry
20. Punjab
21. Rajasthan
22. Uttarakhand
23. Uttar Pradesh
24. Tamil Nadu
25. Telangana
26. Tripura
27. West Bengal
1  Sri Lanka
2  Algeria
3  Nepal
4  Bhutan
5  Bangladesh
6  Indonesia
7  Taiwan
8  Saudi Arabia
9  Iraq
10  Oman
11  Qatar
12  United Arab 
Emirates
13  Djibouti
14  Ethiopia
15  Sudan
16  Uganda
17  Kenya
18  Tanzania
19  Rwanda
20  Burundi
21  Mozambique
22  Madagascar
23  South Africa
24 Angola
25  Democratic 
Republic of 
Congo
Showcasing Our Manufacturing Edge
We have established India’s first fully automated modern 
manufacturing facility for producing ramming mass. 
With advanced customisation capabilities, the facility serves as 
our global production hub, producing precision-engineered 
solutions of superior quality, enabling us to efficiently cater to the 
evolving needs of our diverse global customer base. 
World-class Facility
Spread across more than 30 acres in Newai, Rajasthan, the facility 
integrates advanced automation, precision crushing, blending 
and quality control systems. Designed for operational excellence 
and  scalability, it delivers superior product consistency, reliability 
and manufacturing efficiency.
Group Capacity
With an installed capacity of 414 KTPA, the facility is among 
the largest of its kind globally. Ongoing expansion initiatives 
are expected to increase capacity to 534 KTPA by Q2 FY27, 
strengthening our ability to address growing demand across 
existing and new markets.
Technology Driven operations:
Purpose-built automation and digitally controlled manufacturing 
processes minimise variability and ensure uniform product quality 
at scale. Our integrated operating model enhances throughput, 
optimises resource utilisation.
Our R&D initiatives are focused on advancing 
product performance, enhancing customer 
outcomes and unlocking new opportunities by 
leveraging our deep expertise in silica-based 
materials and process engineering.
Advanced Silica Ramming Mass R&D: Our 
innovation initiatives focus on developing 
next-generation silica ramming mass solutions 
that enhance lining performance, improve 
thermal efficiency and deliver superior value to 
customers. Through customised formulations 
and application-specific solutions, we continue 
to strengthen our technological leadership in 
the refractory industry.
Specialised Silica Processing Platform: Built 
on expertise in silica chemistry, mineral 
processing and materials engineering, our 
silica processing capabilities position us to 
address opportunities beyond traditional 
refractory applications. This platform enables 
us to participate in high-value silica-based 
industries while leveraging our existing 
technical and manufacturing strengths.
26 Nigeria
27 Benin
28 Togo
29 Ghana
30 Burkina Faso
31  Mali
32  Liberia
33  Senegal
34  Mauritania
35  Jordan
36  England
37  Libya
38  Armenia
39  Kuwait
Patented Manufacturing Process
Received a first-of-kind patent for our indigenously developed 
silica ramming mass manufacturing process.
Strategically
Located near one of the world’s densest quartz reserves, our 
manufacturing facilities benefit from reliable access to high-purity 
raw materials, lower logistics costs and enhanced supply chain 
efficiencies, creating a sustainable competitive advantage.
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 118STATUTORY REPORTS22CORPORATE OVERVIEW01Raghav Productivity Enhancers Ltd.
10
Annual Report 2025-26 11
Annual Report 2025-26

--- page 9 ---
Chairman’s Message
Dear Shareholders,
Our evolution began with our BSE listing in 2016, at a market 
capitalisation of ` 28 Crores, when an emerging RPEL took the 
leap with a clear ambition, to build a world-class silica ramming 
business from India. What followed was a decade of disciplined 
execution, relentless innovation, operational excellence and 
the courage to think beyond the boundaries of a traditionally 
localised industry.
Over the years, we built robust manufacturing capabilities, 
growing from a single production line to a multi-line, 
technology-driven facility. We strengthened our innovation 
and product development capabilities through strategic 
collaborations and the establishment of an in-house 
DSIR-approved R&D Laboratory. Our partnership with leading 
technology consulting and R&D firm - JWK AB, Sweden, has 
helped expand the supply of our superior products across India 
and internationally, meeting the diverse needs of steel, foundry 
and casting segments. Underscoring a historic milestone 
I am filled with 
immense pride and 
gratitude as I present 
Raghav Productivity 
Enhancers Limited’s 
Annual Report for FY26, 
a momentous year as 
we mark 10 years of 
our listing journey, a 
decade that has been 
anything but ordinary. 
Over the past 10 years, we have delivered strong 
and consistent performance across key parameters, 
enabling us to deliver 100x returns to our 
shareholders since listing. This has also placed us 
among India’s Top 1,000 listed companies by market 
capitalisation, a milestone we achieved in 2025.
As I move ahead, I take this opportunity to thank all our 
stakeholders, including customers, shareholders, regulators, 
employees, suppliers and others, for your continued trust 
and support through the years, as we continue to unlock new 
possibilities both on the domestic and international front.
Macroeconomic Landscape
The global economy continued to navigate a challenging 
environment marked by ongoing geopolitical conflicts, 
particularly the Russia–Ukraine war and tensions in West 
Asia. These developments disrupted energy markets, 
strained global supply chains, increased input costs, 
and created uncertainty across trade and investment 
landscapes. Rising protectionist measures and trade-related 
challenges further impacted manufacturing and economic 
activity worldwide. 
Amid these global headwinds, India demonstrated 
notable resilience. Strong domestic demand, growth 
across key sectors, proactive government policies, and a 
continued focus on self-reliance helped mitigate external 
risks. Diversified sourcing strategies and sustained public 
investment further strengthened economic stability, enabling 
India to maintain its position as one of the world's most 
dynamic major economies.
FY26 Key Developments
In FY26, RPEL continued its growth momentum backed by 
strong operational performance. Our per MT KPIs continued to 
improve, supported by higher realisations, optimised capacity 
utilisation and operating leverage. With capacity utilisation 
reaching optimum levels in March 2026, the Board approved 
a 30% increase in Group capacity from 414K MTPA to 534K 
MTPA. The expansion marks a significant step in our growth 
journey, reinforcing our ability to meet evolving demand and 
deliver greater value across our growing customer base.
Way Ahead
With a decade of strong foundations and continued trust, 
we move forward with strategic priorities, fully prepared to 
explore future possibilities, driving profitable and sustainable 
growth while delivering lasting value to all stakeholders.
Aligned with our capex roadmap, we are undertaking a 
planned brownfield capacity expansion of 30% at our existing 
facilities, to be commissioned in phases, with full capacity 
expected to be operational by October 1, 2026. With this 
expansion, the installed capacity will reach 534K MTPA.
We are actively strategising a multi-location manufacturing 
strategy, establishing facilities near key steel clusters and 
partnering with mine owners to ensure an uninterrupted 
supply of high-quality raw material. This focus will enable us 
to deepen our regional presence and increase our domestic 
market share from 14% to 30% by FY30.
At the same time, we are actively expanding our customer base 
across domestic and international markets. Additionally, we 
are scaling our presence in the foundry segment through an 
expanding distribution network and global partnerships.
On the R&D front, we are developing new refractory products 
to drive cross-selling opportunities with our existing customer 
base. Under the able guidance of our technical mentors, we 
are rigorously working towards developing better performing 
product variants with a focus on delivering better value 
proposition to our end users while improving our realisations.
Simultaneously, by leveraging our silica processing capabilities 
we are in advanced stages of developing solutions for high 
value silica processing industries like semiconductor crucibles 
and artificial marbles.
Our sustainability commitments are progressing equally. I am 
pleased to share that we are in our second year of sustainability 
reporting, a commitment we take seriously as the industry 
moves toward decarbonisation.
In closing, I extend my heartfelt thanks to each of our 
stakeholders for their unwavering support in our journey so far.
As we step into the next decade, we carry forward the legacy of 
the past ten years with the ambition to build a business that is 
larger, stronger and more impactful.
Warm regards,
SANJAY KABRA
Chairman
in our journey, we also secured a world-first patent for our 
innovative silica ramming mass manufacturing process, further 
reinforcing RPEL ’s position as the world’s largest manufacturer of 
silica ramming mass.
However, our journey was not without challenges, yet we stayed 
strong, resilient and agile while continually safeguarding the 
interests of our stakeholders.
Over the past 10 years, we have delivered strong and consistent 
performance across key parameters, enabling us to deliver 
100x returns to our shareholders since listing. This has also 
placed us among India’s Top 1,000 listed companies by market 
capitalisation, a milestone we achieved in 2025.
Today, RPEL commands 14% of India’s domestic market share, 
up from 3.5% over a decade ago, a testament to the continued 
trust of our stakeholders and the strength of our business model 
in an evolving industry scenario.
Key Performance Indicators - 10-Y ear CAGR (%)
28%
Capacity
56%
Exports
28%
Volume 
32%
EBITDA
32%
Sales 
45%
PAT
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 118STATUTORY REPORTS22CORPORATE OVERVIEW01Raghav Productivity Enhancers Ltd.
12
Annual Report 2025-26 13
Annual Report 2025-26

--- page 10 ---
Managing Director’s Communique
I am delighted to 
present our Annual 
Report for FY26, a 
year that reflects 
the strength of the 
foundation we have 
built over the past 
decade since our 
listing and the scale of 
what lies ahead. 
Dear Shareholders,
FY26 was a year of conviction tested against a complex 
global environment. Growing geopolitical conflicts, including 
developments in the Middle East, disrupted shipping routes 
and escalated freight and logistics costs, leading Central Banks 
to maintain a cautious outlook. Amidst this, India stood strong, 
with robust domestic demand, increasing industrial activities and 
favourable government measures, strengthening its position as 
an attractive global sourcing and manufacturing hub. With strong 
fundamentals, we are confident India will continue to grow 
strongly in the years ahead. 
Demonstrating resilience and operational agility with clarity of 
purpose, we sustained our growth in an evolving environment, 
building long-term trust and solidifying our market positioning in 
the global refractory landscape.
Industry Scenario
India’s steel sector, the backbone of India’s growth story, 
continues to advance towards self reliance. India became the 
world’s second-largest steel producer in 2018 and has since 
retained this position, while finished steel consumption increased 
significantly from 77 Million MT in 2014-15 to 163.7 Million MT 
in 2025-26. To meet potential needs, India is targeting 500 MT 
of steel production capacity by 2047. Additionally, it is pursuing 
decarbonisation of the steel sector to meet the net-zero emission 
intensity target by 2070. India’s crude steel production remained 
strong, led by robust construction and infrastructure demand, 
reaching 168.4 MT in FY26, a 10.7% year-on-year increase. 
Within this, the Induction Furnaces (IF) is being increasingly 
preferred by steel companies for its higher controllability, 
energy efficiency and ability to support sustainable production. 
With the IF route contributing 37% to overall steel production 
in FY26 and demand expected to grow, RPEL is well-positioned 
to capture emerging opportunities and advance its one-third 
growth ambitions.
Addressing Challenges
The year was marked by global uncertainties, rising tariffs 
and supply chain disruptions, testing business resilience 
across sectors. Despite such challenges, we maintained our 
commitment to serving our customers and delivering on our 
long-term growth agenda.
As a result, product demand remained robust, enabling 
us to remain largely unaffected by short-term headwinds. 
Though exports were slightly impacted by Exports were 
slightly impacted by vessel disruptions towards the year 
end, the business normalised in April 2026, with customers 
willing to absorb higher freight costs, underscoring their 
trust in our superior product performance. 
Further, our long-standing relationships with suppliers 
helped us manage supply chain disruptions in imported 
raw materials. Proactive raw material securing and 
inventory stacking ensured uninterrupted supply to our 
customers, reflecting our ability to effectively handle 
future challenges. 
Financial Highlights
Notwithstanding the external hurdles, we delivered strong 
financial performance in FY26, reflecting the resilience of 
our business model and dedicated team capabilities. 
Capacity, Production and Capacity Utilisation
Let me share a few highlights of our consolidated financial 
performance during the year FY26:
• Our consolidated revenues stood at ` 257 Crores in FY26, an 
increase of 29% from ` 200 Crores in FY25
• Sales and volume growth grew by 29% each, backed by 
sustained demand across domestic and international markets
• EBITDA increased by 40% from ` 54 Crores in FY25 to ` 75 
Crores in FY26, reflecting better realisations, improved product 
mix and operating leverage
• PAT grew 48% from ` 37 Crores in FY25 to ` 55 Crores in FY26, 
underscoring cost and operational discipline
• RoCE improved from 26% in FY25 to 28% in FY26, highlighting 
improved capital efficiency and operational performance
• Our balance sheet remained strong and debt-free, enabling us 
to aggressively target new growth opportunities
In line with our historical performance, we have steadily 
scaled towards optimal capacity utilisation within two years 
of commercialisation, reflecting our continued focus on 
operational excellence.
Bolstering Competitive Edge
During the fiscal year, we continued to deepen our global 
leadership in silica ramming mass manufacturing, underpinned 
by our enduring competitive strengths, providing a distinctive 
edge in the dynamic marketplace.
Our indigenously developed Government of India patented 
manufacturing process enables us to deliver unmatched product 
consistency at scale. Through superior product performance, we 
ensure higher heats, lower plant downtime and improved plant 
efficiency, leading to lower costs for the end users. Further, we 
continue to develop customised formulations, aligned with end 
user plant parameters, allowing us to deliver superior outcomes 
and strengthen our pricing power. 
Our long-standing collaboration with IIT Bombay continues to 
enhance our R&D capabilities, while new product development 
initiatives under the guidance of industry veterans keep us ahead 
of evolving customer and market requirements. 
We are actively expanding into new applications and 
strengthening our operational and manufacturing capabilities, 
enabling us to meet growing demand across diverse markets. 
We are also deepening customer engagement across 
geographies and exploring new export markets, expanding 
reach and diversifying our revenue streams, boosting long-term 
growth potential.
By aligning our strategic priorities with the increasing demand 
for efficient and sustainable solutions globally, we are well 
positioned to capture the emerging opportunities and further 
bolster our position as a trusted manufacturing partner in the 
refractory segment. 
Vote of Thanks
I express my sincere gratitude to our exceptional team for their 
steadfast dedication to fulfilling our broader vision. I also extend 
my thanks to our esteemed Board of Directors, shareholders and 
other stakeholders for their continued inspiration and belief in 
our ability to deliver consistent value. 
With your continued support, we look forward to unlocking a 
future of immense possibilities. 
Warm regards,
RAJESH KABRA
Managing Director
4,50,000
4,00,000
3,50,000
3,00,000
2,50,000
2,00,000
1,50,000
1,00,000
50,000
0 FY17
64.15%
98.95%
74.70%
90.85%
64.55%
97.22%
79.85%
63.78%
89.37%
FY18 FY19 FY20 FY21 FY22 FY23 FY24 FY25 FY26
Volume Available Capacity Capacity Utilisation
80.19%
Y et again, we have 
converted capacity into 
growth. Our previous 
expansion was utilized 
in less than two years, 
reinforcing our growth 
conviction and leading 
us to undertake a 
further 30% capacity 
expansion in FY27.
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 118STATUTORY REPORTS22CORPORATE OVERVIEW01Raghav Productivity Enhancers Ltd.
14
Annual Report 2025-26 15
Annual Report 2025-26

--- page 11 ---
STRATEGIC BLUEPRINT
Unlocking Future Possibilities
Backed by a solid foundation and strategic priorities, we continue to invest 
in capacity expansion, portfolio diversification, product innovation, cost 
optimisation and supply chain resilience. Simultaneously, we are deepening 
cross-selling opportunities and expanding our customer base, driving profitable 
growth and delivering sustainable stakeholder value.
Profitability and Performance Catalysts
Scaling Foundry Segment
• Deepen market penteration 
by developing a national 
distribution network and 
global partnerships. 
Focussed Capacity Expansion
• Brownfield expansion at 
existing plants.
• Establishing new plants near 
key steel clusters to increase 
share in regional markets.
Enhance cross-selling
• Explore cross-selling 
opportunities for new 
refractory products developed 
through the R&D pipeline.
Expand Customer Base
• Deepening penetration 
across steel, foundry and 
casting industries and 
acquiring new customers.
• Explore new export markets 
through strategic partnerships. 
Enter High Value Silica Markets
• Leverage R&D to enter 
high-value silica markets 
such as artificial marble, 
semiconductor crucibles.
Integration with Mine Owners
• Ensuring uninterrupted supply 
of high quality raw material 
while optimising cost. 
Product Development
• Continuously enhancing 
product performance to 
improve customer ROI and 
improve realisations. 
TARGETING 
30%
MARKET  
SHARE
CORE LEADERSHIP
Excellence in Leadership and Governance
MR. JAN W KJELLBERG
Sweden
Mr. Jan W Kjellberg is the Director of JWK AB, Sweden 
and Ex-president of Svenska Silica, a world leader in 
silica manufacturing and once the most popular global 
silica ramming mass brand for foundries. He assists 
RPEL across production and R&D, offering invaluable 
insights on manufacturing, foundry-grade ramming 
mass, and improvements in silica ramming mass. 
Additionally, he represents RPEL at exhibitions and 
conferences, facilitates technical discussions with 
customers and supports the Company by visiting large 
customers and training them on best practices while 
using ramming mass in lining installation.
MR. GRAHAM COOPER
Australia
Mr. Graham Cooper possesses over 55 
years of experience in the induction 
furnace industry. His past assignments 
include serving as Managing Director 
of one of the world’s largest induction 
furnace manufacturing companies. 
He helps RPEL formulate business 
strategy and apprises the Company of 
the latest developments in the steel 
and foundry industry.
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 118STATUTORY REPORTS22CORPORATE OVERVIEW01Raghav Productivity Enhancers Ltd.
16
Annual Report 2025-26 17
Annual Report 2025-26

--- page 12 ---
Our Leadership Team Our Independent Directors
MR. HEMANT MADHUSUDAN NERURKAR
Independent Director
Mr. Hemant Madhusudan Nerurkar, aged 76 years, holds a B. Tech in Metallurgical Engineering from 
the College of Engineering, Pune. He brings over 35 years of vast experience in various functions of 
the steel industry. Previously, he was associated with Tata Steel Ltd. from 1972 to 1977 and from 1982 
to 2013. From 1977 to 1981, he worked with Usha Martin Ltd. He served as Managing Director of Tata 
Steel Ltd. from 2009 to 2013. He has also been the Chairman of TRL, Krosaki (TATA), India’s largest 
Refractory company. He serves as an Independent Director in various prominent corporates, including 
DFM Foods Limited, Adani Enterprises Limited, NCC Limited, Igarashi Motors India Limited and 
Crompton Greaves Consumer Electricals Limited.
Mr. Amar Lal Daultani
Independent Director
Mr. Amar Lal Daultani, aged 71 years, holds a postgraduate degree in economics from Agra University. 
He is an accomplished banker with over 34 years of rich experience in credit, forex, and other general 
banking operations. Previously, he has served in different capacities at Allahabad Bank, overseeing 
key responsibilities. He has completed his tenure as the Executive Director of the Corporation Bank. 
Currently, he serves as an Independent Director on the board of SK Finance Ltd.
Ms. Rajni Sekhri Sibal
Independent Director
Rajni Sekhri Sibal, aged 65 years, holds a Bachelor of Science and a Master’s in Psychology and 
Economics. A former Indian Administrative Services Officer of the Haryana cadre, she is the first 
woman to top the All-India Civil Service Examinations in 1986. In the past, she has held several key 
positions, including Secretary of the Ministry of Fisheries, Additional Secretary in the Ministry of Home 
Affairs, and Joint Secretary in the Ministry of Agriculture. During the initial fifteen years of her career, 
she worked in various implementation and public policy formulation roles in the Government of 
Haryana. Currently, she serves as the Independent External Monitor of SEBI and is widely regarded for 
her strategic expertise. She also serves as an Independent Director in Star Health & Allied Insurance, 
Aviva Life Insurance, Birla Corporation and Paytm Payments Ltd.
Mr. Govind Saboo
Independent Director
Mr. Govind Saboo, aged 43 years, is a rank holder in Chartered Accountancy, bringing over 22 years of 
experience in corporate finance, capital markets, compliance and taxation. He is a Founding Partner 
of Srujan Alpha Capital Advisors LLP , a SEBI-registered Category-I Merchant Banker, where he oversees 
the advisory and investment verticals. In the past, he was a core member of India Nivesh's Buy Side 
Investment team and has advised multiple companies on their growth journeys.
Mr. Sanjay Kabra
Chairman
Mr. Sanjay Kabra, aged 56 years, is the Promoter, Chairman & Whole-time Director of RPEL. He holds 
a master’s degree in commerce from Rajasthan University and has been on the Board since the 
Company’s incorporation. With over 30 years of experience in the Company’s business domain, 
he oversees RPEL ’s expansion and overall management, alongside its financial and legal matters. 
A natural leader, he has been instrumental in guiding RPEL ’s core team towards the goals set by 
management, aligned with the clear vision that he has set for the Company.
Mr. Rajesh Kabra
Managing Director
Mr. Rajesh Kabra, aged 56 years, is the Promoter and Managing Director of RPEL. He serves as Vice 
President of the All India Induction Furnace Association and is the only board member without 
ownership of a steel plant. He holds a bachelor’s degree in commerce and LLB from Rajasthan 
University. With over 30 years in the sales and marketing of ramming mass, he leads marketing, 
promotion, R&D and product development for the Company. A socially conscious person, he is 
actively involved in many philanthropic activities, supporting upliftment and empowerment. He is 
also a Member of the Federation of Rajasthan Trade Industry, a Member of CII, Rajasthan and many 
other social organisations.
Mr. Raghav Kabra
Chief Executive Officer 
Raghav Productivity Solutions Limited
Mr. Raghav Kabra, aged 29 years, is a postgraduate from the Indian School of Business (FMB) and 
an MBA dropout of London Business School. He has also completed an Executive FBM course at the 
Kellogg School of Management, Northwestern University, USA and interned with the TRUST Group, 
Mumbai. He has been actively involved in the business for over 8 years, leading the Company's export 
and new business segments to drive future growth. He is an active member at the Jaipur Chapter of 
the Entrepreneurs Organisation (EO) and participates in various social and charitable organisations.
Mr. Bharat Tank
President – Sales & Marketing
Mr. Bharat Tank, aged 57 years, holds over 35 years of steel industry experience. Previously, he 
was associated with Electrotherm Ltd for over two decades, where he played an integral role in its 
emergence as India’s largest induction furnace manufacturer. He has also held senior management 
positions at BSRM, Bangladesh (the world’s largest IF-based steel plant), SRJ Peety Steel, Jalna and 
Abyssinia Iron & Steel, Africa.
Audit Committee
Nomination & Remuneration Committee
Stakeholder Relationship Committee
Corporate Social Responsibility Committee
Risk Management Committee
Bank & Credit Committee
A
C
N
R
A S C R BN
S
B
Composition of Committees
Chairperson Member
A C RS B
C R B
NA
N
S
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 118STATUTORY REPORTS22CORPORATE OVERVIEW01Raghav Productivity Enhancers Ltd.
18
Annual Report 2025-26 19
Annual Report 2025-26

--- page 13 ---
Corporate Information
Number 
(CIN): L27109RJ2009PLC030511
Board of Directors & KMP 
Sanjay Kabra
Chairman & Whole Time Director
DIN: 02552178
Rajesh Kabra
Managing Director
DIN: 00935200
Krishna Kabra
Director
DIN: 02552177
Govind Saboo
Independent Director
DIN: 06724172
Amar Lal Daultani
Independent Director
DIN: 05228156
Hemant Nerurkar Madhusudan
Independent Director
DIN: 00265887
Rajni Sekhri Sibal
Independent Director
DIN: 09176377
Chief Financial Officer
Deepak Jaju
Company Secretary &  
Compliance Officer
Neha Rathi
Membership No.: ACS-38807
Statutory Auditors
M/s A. BAFNA & CO.
Raj Apartment, K-2 Keshav Path,
Near Ahinsa Circle, C-Scheme,
Jaipur - 302 001
Bankers
HDFC Bank Ltd.
Vidhyadhar Nagar Branch,
Jaipur, Rajasthan - 302 023, India
Internal Auditors
M/s Birla Gupta & Co.
54, Luv Kush Nagar-II
Barkat Nagar, Jaipur
Secretarial Auditors
Arms & Associate LLP
24 Ka 1, Jyoti Nagar,
Jaipur - 302 005
Registered Office
Office No. 36, 4th Floor,
Alankar Plaza A-10, Central Spine,
Vidhyadhar Nagar,
Jaipur, Rajasthan - 302 039
Phone: +91-141-2235760
Registrars & Share Transfer Agents
Bigshare Services Private Limited
S6-2, 6th Floor, Pinnacle Business Park,
Next to Ahura Centre,
Mahakali Caves Road,
Andheri (East), 
Mumbai-400093, Maharashtra
Phone: 022-40430200/62638200
Hon'ble CM of Maharashtra, 
Mr Devendra Fadnavis & 
Hon'ble Union Minister 
of Consumer Affairs, 
Mr Prahlad Joshi inaugurated 
RPEL's stall at AIIFA Steel 
Mahakumbh 2025, Mumbai
RPEL received the 
award  for Best SME 
Manufacturing Company 
from Shri Jitan Ram Manjhi, 
Hon’ble Union Minister of 
MSME, Govt. of India
Forging the Trust
RECOGNITIONS
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 118STATUTORY REPORTS22CORPORATE OVERVIEW01Raghav Productivity Enhancers Ltd.
20
Annual Report 2025-26 21
Annual Report 2025-26

--- page 14 ---
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
Global Economy
Overview
The global economy in 2025 evolved within a complex and increasingly 
uncertain macroeconomic environment, characterised by trade 
restrictions, policy uncertainty and persistent geopolitical tensions. 
Ongoing conflicts in Eastern Europe and the Middle East, including 
the Russia-Ukraine war, continued to disrupt global supply chains, 
energy markets and investor sentiment, resulting in periodic volatility 
in commodity prices and financial conditions. In addition, increasing 
tariffs, evolving trade arrangements, and geoeconomic fragmentation 
contributed to uncertainty around global trade flows and investments.
Despite these challenges, global economic activity remained resilient 
during the year, supported by stable labour markets, continued fiscal 
support and technology-led investments, particularly in artificial 
intelligence (AI). Economies also adapted through diversified trade 
routes, stronger energy security measures and supply chain realignment, 
supporting a relatively stable recovery. Consequently, global growth 
stood at 3.4% in 2025, compared to 3.3% in 2024.
Advanced economies expanded by 1.9% in CY 2025, supported by 
relatively stable labour markets, easing financial conditions and recovering 
demand, while emerging market and developing economies (EMDEs) 
grew by 4.4%, driven by resilient domestic consumption, improving 
manufacturing and services activity and continued infrastructure 
investment across key Asian economies.
Global headline inflation moderated to 4.1% in 2025, reflecting easing 
supply-side pressures and the impact of prior monetary tightening. 
However, inflation trends remained uneven across regions, with inflation 
remaining above target in the United States while staying relatively 
subdued across several other major economies.
Real GDP Growth
CY 2025 (E) CY 2026 (P) CY 2027 (P)
3.4 1.9 4.4 3.1(P) 1.8(P) 3.9(P) 1.7(P) 1.7 4.2(P)
Global Advanced Economies
Emerging M arkets and Developing Economies
*E stands for Estimated  *P stands for Projected  
[Source: IMF World Economic Outlook April 2026]
Outlook
As 2026 unfolds, the global economy faces renewed uncertainty 
driven largely by escalating tensions in West Asia and disruptions 
across critical energy transit routes. Heightened risks around oil, LNG 
and fertiliser supplies have increased concerns over energy security, 
inflationary pressures and supply chain stability. Against this backdrop, 
global growth is projected to moderate to 3.1% in 2026 before improving 
marginally to 3.2% in 2027. However, improving diplomatic efforts, 
strategic energy diversification, and stronger regional cooperation are 
expected to gradually ease these pressures, supporting supply chain 
stability, moderating inflation, and fostering a balanced and resilient 
global economic recovery.
Advanced economies are expected to grow at 1.8% in 2026, while EMDEs 
are projected to grow by 3.9%, supported by domestic demand and 
infrastructure spending. Growth in the United States (U.S.) remains a key 
driver of the global outlook, with the IMF raising the U.S. forecast, with GDP 
projected to grow by about 2.3% in 2026 and 2.1% in 2027. Central banks 
are expected to remain cautious, while governments continue to focus on 
fiscal discipline, targeted policy support and strengthening supply chain 
resilience amid an evolving global economic landscape.
Indian Economy
The Indian economy remained one of the fastest-growing major economies 
in FY26, supported by resilient domestic demand, infrastructure-led 
investment and policy reforms. According to the Second Advance 
Estimates released by the National Statistical Office (NSO), real GDP is 
estimated to grow by 7.6% in FY26, driven by strong private consumption 
and investment activity. The services sector remained the key growth 
driver, while manufacturing witnessed continued improvement supported 
by government-led production initiatives and infrastructure spending. 
Real GVA is estimated at `294.40 Lakhs Crores, reflecting growth of 
7.7% over FY25.
India continues to remain among the world’s largest economies, currently 
ranking as the sixth-largest economy globally in nominal GDP terms as 
per the IMF . Structural reforms such as GST , Production Linked Incentive 
(PLI) schemes, and Make in India 2.0 continue to improve formalisation, 
manufacturing competitiveness and ease of doing business, while 
strengthening India’s position within global supply chains. Manufacturing 
activity remained strong, with the HSBC India Manufacturing PMI 
rising to 54.7 in April 2026, supported by domestic demand and 
higher output levels.
The conflict in West Asia and disruptions across global trade routes have 
created fresh uncertainty around energy prices, logistics and availability 
of critical industrial inputs. As an import-dependent economy for crude 
oil and intermediate goods, India remains exposed to global supply 
chain disruptions and commodity price volatility. However, diversified 
sourcing strategies, domestic manufacturing capabilities and integration 
with emerging markets are helping mitigate external risks and support 
industrial continuity.
Raghav Productivity Enhancers Ltd.
22
Annual Report 2025-26

--- page 15 ---
The government’s large-scale investments, reforms and flagship 
initiatives, such as Make in India, Product-Linked Incentive (PLI) 
Schemes, have been instrumental in fostering industrial growth. The PLI 
scheme has attracted investments of approximately `2.16 Lakhs across 
14 key sectors, in line with the national goals like ‘ Atmanirbhar Bharat’ 
and India’s vision of a US$ 5 Trillion economy.
India’s Index of Industrial Production (IIP) registered a growth of 4.1% in 
March 2026, supported by 4.3% growth in the Manufacturing sector and 
5.5% growth in Mining activity, reflecting continued resilience in industrial 
and infrastructure-led economic activity.
Inflation moderated significantly during the year, with the RBI lowering its 
CPI inflation forecast for FY26 to 2.0%, supported by favourable supply 
conditions and easing food prices. In response, the RBI reduced the repo 
rate cumulatively to 5.25%, supporting credit availability and investment 
activity. India’s exports are projected to approach US$ 1 Trillion in 
FY27, strengthened by trade agreements, manufacturing scale-up and 
improving export competitiveness.
*E stands for Estimated *P stands for Projected
(Source: Tradingeconomics, MOSPI, RBI, PIB, Fortuneindia)
India’s GDP Growth
7.2% 8.2% 7.1% 7.6%(E) 7.4(P)
FT 23 FT 24 FT 25 FT 26 (E) FT 27 (P)
Outlook
India’s GDP growth for FY26 is estimated at 7.4%, driven by the double 
engine of consumption and investment. It reaffirms India’s status as 
the fastest-growing major economy for the fourth consecutive year. 
The nation is expected to reach a US$ 30-35 Trillion economy by 
2047, entering the league of developed nations. Structural reforms and 
sustained growth momentum are driving this rapid progress, while digital 
and physical infrastructure are also expanding significantly.
Amid persistent trade policy uncertainties, geopolitical tensions, and 
tighter financial conditions, India’s growth outlook remains resilient, 
supported by strong domestic consumption, easing inflation, and a 
revival in private investments. Initiatives such as Make in India 2.0 
will prioritise emerging and high-growth sectors while improving the 
business environment. The PLI scheme continues to act as a catalyst 
for scaling manufacturing, boosting exports, and enhancing India’s 
competitiveness. Improved rural consumption, driven by moderating 
inflation, further bolsters this growth trajectory.
India’s Union Budget FY27 emphasises public investment by raising 
the capital expenditure (capex) outlay to a record `12.2 Lakh Crore. 
This nearly 9% increase from the previous year’s estimate of `11.2 
Lakh Crore is intended to sustain economic momentum and fulfil 
the government’s “Viksit Bharat” vision for a developed India. 
Capital expenditure is prioritised in the budget, with allocations directed 
towards roads, railways, ports, airports, power transmission and urban 
infrastructure.
(Source: PIB, Global Economic Cooperation (GEC))
Industry Overview 
Global Steel Industry
The global steel industry continues to remain a pillar of industrial and 
infrastructure development, supporting sectors such as construction, 
transportation, engineering, automotive, and capital goods. Steel demand 
globally is driven by urbanisation, infrastructure investments, industrial 
manufacturing, and renewable energy transition projects across both 
developed and emerging economies.
According to the World Steel Association, global crude steel production 
stood at 1,849.4 MT in 2025, compared to 1,882.6 MT in 2024. 
This reflected a marginal decline of 2.0% amid subdued demand in certain 
regions and geopolitical and trade-related uncertainties. China remained 
the world’s largest steel producer with output of 960.8 MT in 2025, while 
India retained its position as the second-largest producer with crude steel 
production of 164.9 MT , registering robust growth of 10.4% year-on-year.
Globally, the induction furnace (IF) route continues to play a significant 
role in secondary steel production, particularly in emerging economies. 
This is primarily due to its lower capital requirement, operational 
flexibility, energy efficiency, and suitability for scrap-based steelmaking.
Focus on sustainable steel production, reduced carbon emissions, 
and recycling-led manufacturing is likely to support greater adoption 
of electric- and induction-furnace-based steelmaking routes in 
the coming years.
Globally, steel production is increasingly shifting towards electric-route 
steelmaking owing to its lower carbon intensity, higher energy 
efficiency and alignment with sustainability goals. According to World 
Steel Association data, around 29%-30% of global steel production is 
currently undertaken through electric-route furnaces, including Electric 
Arc Furnaces (EAFs) and Induction Furnaces (IFs), with the share 
steadily increasing in recent years. Electric-route steelmaking accounted 
for approximately 29.1% of global steel production in 2024 compared 
to 28.6% in 2023, reflecting the industry’s gradual transition towards 
cleaner steel production technologies. 
23
Annual Report 2025-26
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 118STATUTORY REPORTS22CORPORATE OVERVIEW01

--- page 16 ---
The induction furnace route has gained significant relevance, particularly 
across emerging economies such as India, due to its relatively lower 
capital investment, operational flexibility and suitability for long steel 
production. Rising infrastructure investments, urbanisation, scrap 
utilisation and increasing focus on decarbonisation are expected to further 
strengthen demand for electric-route steelmaking globally. Since silica 
ramming mass is an essential refractory material used in induction 
furnaces owing to its high thermal stability and corrosion resistance, the 
growing adoption of electric-route steel production continues to support 
long-term demand growth for the silica ramming mass industry
The global steel industry is expected to witness a gradual recovery, 
supported by infrastructure investments, manufacturing activity, and 
demand across developing economies. According to the World Steel 
Association’s Short-Range Outlook (April 2026), global steel demand is 
projected to grow by 0.3% to 1,772 MT in 2026, and by a further 2.2% 
to 1,762 MT in 2027, led by demand from India and improving global 
economic conditions. Despite near-term geopolitical and trade-related 
challenges, the industry outlook remains positive, supported by sustained 
urbanisation and infrastructure development.
Indian Steel Industry
India continues to strengthen its position as one of the fastest-growing 
steel markets globally, supported by domestic consumption, 
infrastructure expansion, manufacturing growth, and policy support. 
The country remains the world’s second-largest crude steel producer 
and continues to target 300 MTPA steelmaking capacity under the 
National Steel Policy 2017.
India’s crude steel production stood at 168.4 MT in FY26, registering 
growth of 10.5% over approximately 152 MT produced in FY25. 
Finished steel exports surged by 35.9% to 6.6 MT during FY26, 
enabling India to regain its position as a net steel exporter, supported by 
competitiveness and presence across key global markets, including the 
Middle East, Europe, and Southeast Asia. 
India’s steel consumption outlook remains robust, driven by large-scale 
investments in infrastructure, railways, roads, renewable energy, defence, 
affordable housing and industrial manufacturing. Government initiatives 
such as PM GatiShakti, Bharatmala, Make in India, Production Linked 
Incentive (PLI) Scheme for Specialty Steel and the National Infrastructure 
Pipeline continue to support long-term steel demand growth.
During FY26, the Ministry of Steel highlighted continued progress under 
the PLI Scheme for speciality steel and ongoing expansion plans at major 
steel plants to strengthen domestic steelmaking capabilities and improve 
self-reliance.  Under the PLI scheme, `23,022 Crores investment 
supported specialty steel production and job creation. 
Looking ahead, the Indian steel industry is expected to maintain its 
growth, with production projected to rise further and demand remaining 
steady. The country’s steelmaking capacity, estimated at around 220 
MT in FY26, is targeted to reach 300 MT by 2030 and 500 MT by 
2047, reinforcing India’s industrial growth ambitions. Additionally, India 
is pursuing decarbonisation of the steel sector to meet the net-zero 
emission intensity target by 2070. Despite challenges relating to energy 
costs and global market volatility, sustained policy support and domestic 
demand are expected to keep the industry on a growth trajectory.
Route-Wise Steel Production
Oxygen Route
Electric 
Arc Furnace (EAF)
Electric 
Induction Furnace (EIF)
FY22 Share (%)
45%
27%
28%
Oxygen Route
Electric 
Arc Furnace (EAF)
Electric 
Induction Furnace (EIF)
FY26 Share (%)
42.5%
19.7%
37.7%
(Source: Ministry of Steel Annual Report 2021-2022, Ministry of Steel 
Annual Report 2025-2026)
(Source: PIB)
Indian Induction Furnace Route for Steel Production
India has emerged as one of the largest users of the induction furnace 
route for steel production globally. Over the years, the share of the IF 
route in India’s crude steel production mix has increased significantly 
from nearly 29.3% in FY22 to around 38.2% currently in FY26, reflecting 
its growing importance in the domestic steel ecosystem. Crude steel 
production through the induction furnace route stood at 47.0 MT during 
9M FY26, accounting for nearly 38% of total crude steel production.
Induction furnace-based steelmakers continued to drive capacity 
expansion in FY26, with IF capacity rising by 16% Y-o-Y to around 91 
MT , reflecting construction-linked long steel production, supported by 
relatively lower capital requirements and strong regional demand.
The sector continues to benefit from relatively lower capital requirements, 
domestic steel demand, infrastructure development, urbanisation, 
and government-led manufacturing initiatives. Additionally, focus on 
scrap utilisation, green steel production, recycling, and energy-efficient 
manufacturing is expected to strengthen further the relevance of the 
induction furnace route in India’s steel ecosystem over the coming years. 
The growing relevance of sustainable steelmaking is evident from India’s 
draft National Steel Policy 2025, which targets a 25% reduction in steel 
sector emissions to 2 MT of carbon dioxide per  tonne of finished steel by 
Raghav Productivity Enhancers Ltd.
24
Annual Report 2025-26

--- page 17 ---
2035-36 through scrap utilisation, cleaner technologies, and adoption of 
electric-route steelmaking.
(Source: Bigmint, Reuters, Ministry of Steel Annual Report 2025-2026)
Global Silica Ramming Mass Overview
Silica ramming mass is a crucial refractory material used for lining 
induction furnaces owing to its high thermal stability, corrosion 
resistance and cost-effectiveness. It remains relevant for the production 
of high-quality steel and alloys and continues to witness growth 
alongside the expansion of the global steel and foundry industries. 
Increasing urbanisation, rising infrastructure projects and sustained 
growth in steel production are expected to support this growth trajectory. 
In addition, advancements in manufacturing technologies, automation 
and the overall economic strength of emerging regions are further 
contributing to industry expansion.
Asia continues to dominate the global silica ramming mass market, 
supported by its strong steel production base, followed by Europe, the 
Middle East, North America and Africa. With steelmakers increasing 
production capacities to meet the requirements of rising populations, 
large-scale infrastructure projects and rapid urbanisation, demand 
for silica ramming mass is expected to remain strong globally. 
The manufacturing landscape is also shifting towards greater precision 
and automation as producers adapt to stricter quality, consistency 
and environmental standards. Companies are increasingly leveraging 
automated production facilities to manufacture higher-grade ramming 
mass tailored for modern furnace parameters, thereby improving 
operational efficiency and product performance.
In India, demand for high-quality silica ramming mass is steadily increasing 
as the country strengthens its position among the world’s leading steel 
producers.  Government-led initiatives such as PM GatiShakti, Bharatmala 
and accelerated infrastructure spending are expected to boost steel 
production and induction furnace capacity expansion, thereby driving 
demand for silica ramming mass. India also benefits from abundant 
quartzite reserves, ensuring the domestic availability of high-quality raw 
materials for ramming mass production.
India’s major steel-producing regions, including Odisha, Chhattisgarh, 
Jharkhand, Karnataka and West Bengal, continue to upgrade 
technologies and expand furnace capacities to improve output efficiency 
and minimise downtime. Despite challenges such as volatile raw material 
prices and elevated energy costs, medium and large manufacturers are 
steadily improving operational efficiencies and strengthening production 
capabilities. At the same time, increasing focus on sustainability and 
compliance is encouraging demand for higher-quality refractory materials 
and efficient production processes.
India is expected to retain its position as one of the largest exporters of 
silica ramming mass globally during 2025-26. Demand from key export 
markets such as Nepal, Saudi Arabia, Ghana, Turkey and the UAE remain 
resilient, supported by expanding steel production in these regions and 
India’s cost competitiveness, consistent product quality and abundant 
quartzite reserves. By 2030, India’s silica ramming mass exports are 
expected to increase by over 20%, supported by strong global demand, 
efficient logistics and growing acceptance of Indian refractory products.
Factors Driving Growth for Indian Steel and Ramming Mass Industries
During FY26, the Indian steel and ramming mass industry witnessed 
steady growth, led by multiple demand-side and structural drivers. 
Despite rising interest rates, the urban residential real estate industry 
remained resilient, shaped by multiple new projects launches and 
sustained affordability. The renewable energy sector gained significant 
investments, propelled by increasing power requirements and the 
accelerating shift towards green energy solutions. The Indian government 
strongly focussed on infrastructure development, as the pipeline of the 
National Highways Authority of India (NHAI) shows promising prospects 
for the coming years. Infrastructure Investment Trusts (InvITs) witnessed 
global investors’ interest, ensuring long-term investment in building 
infrastructure. Additionally, private capital expenditure gained a lift, 
owing to initiatives such as the National Infrastructure Pipeline (NIP), 
the Production Linked Incentive (PLI) and efforts to improve defence 
indigenisation.
The silica ramming mass industry is expanding, corresponding to the 
increase in steel production. Nearly 30 kg of silica ramming mass 
is needed for every tonne of steel produced. Government initiatives, 
including Aatmanirbhar Bharat and Make in India, are reinforcing domestic 
production and minimising dependence on steel imports.
India retains its position as the leading silica ramming mass exporter 
globally, strengthened by rising demand from international markets such 
as Uganda, Saudi Arabia and Kenya. Additionally, increased infrastructure 
development and accelerated urbanisation boost steel production, 
auguring well for silica ramming mass consumption.
Further, government initiatives such as the Gati-Shakti Master Plan, 
expanding metro and railway systems, and affordable housing policies 
are propelling steel demand. The expanding production in the engineering 
and automobile segments is boosting requirements for specialised alloys 
and high-grade steel. Additionally, the industry is gradually transitioning 
towards environmentally sustainable manufacturing, which encourages 
the adoption of energy-efficient technologies, including induction 
furnaces. India's expanding role as a steel exporter solidifies domestic 
production amidst fluctuating local demand.
(Source: PIB)
Key Announcements from the Union Budget 2026-27
Roads
The Ministry of Road Transport and Highways (MoRTH) received a 3.2% 
increase in the Union Budget 2025-26, with an allocation of `3.10 Lakh 
Crore, up from `2.87 Lakh Crore the previous year. Of this, the National 
Highways Authority of India (NHAI) was allocated around `1.87 Lakh 
Crore for capital expenditure, about 6.86% increase from `1.75 Lakh 
Crore in FY26. Furthermore, the government aims to develop a national 
highway network spanning 2.1 Lakh kilometres by 2026, reflecting its 
ambitious transport sector targets.
Housing
The budgetary allocations for PMAY-G (Pradhan Mantri Awas 
Yojana-Grameen) increased from `15,000 Crores in 2016-17 
to `54,916.70 Crores in 2026-27 (an increase of 266.1%). Additionally, 
the central government intends to expand the coverage and scale of 
PMAY to include shopkeepers, traders, and self-employed individuals.
25
Annual Report 2025-26
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 118STATUTORY REPORTS22CORPORATE OVERVIEW01

--- page 18 ---
Infrastructure
As of early 2026, the National Infrastructure Pipeline (NIP) is accelerating, 
with the Union Budget 2026-27 raising infrastructure outlay to `12.2 
Lakh Crore. A new NIP 2.0, focusing on public-private partnerships 
(PPP), has identified 852 projects costing over `17 Trillion, with a heavy 
emphasis on highways and urban infrastructure. The inland waterways 
network has witnessed significant expansion, with over 30 National 
Waterways already operational as of 2025-26, while the government 
has further scaled up its vision to operationalise nearly 76 waterways 
by 2027, enhancing cost-efficient and sustainable cargo movement. 
Additionally, in the aviation sector, India has already expanded to 164 
operational airports in 2025, with continued additions under regional 
connectivity schemes and greenfield projects, supporting the long-term 
target of 200+ airports in the coming years.
Capital Investment
India’s Union Budget FY27 emphasises public investment by raising 
the capital expenditure (capex) outlay to a record `12.2 Lakh Crore. 
This nearly 9% increase from the previous year’s estimate of `11.2 
Lakh Crore is intended to sustain economic momentum and fulfil the 
government’s “Viksit Bharat” vision for a developed India.
Automotive
The Indian automobile industry demonstrated strong growth in FY26, 
underscoring its position as the world’s third-largest. Domestic sales, 
production, and global exports largely drive the growth. The sector is 
expected to grow from US$ 137.06 Billion in 2025 to US$ 147.58 Billion in 
2026 and is forecast to reach US$ 213.74 Billion by 2031 at 7.69% CAGR 
over 2026-2031. This buoyant demand can be attributed to population-led 
growth, rising household incomes, policy-backed electrification, demand 
for sustainable mobility and a strong manufacturing base. The passenger 
vehicle (PV) segment witnessed a surge in domestic sales in FY26. 
The implementation of GST 2.0 has improved household disposable 
income, enabling the affordability of Two-Wheelers.
Expanding Real Estate
Naredco-Knight Frank report mentioned India's real estate is expected to 
flourish, reaching US$ 5.8 Trillion by 2047.
Urbanisation Driving Growth Opportunities
India's urban infrastructure has seen substantial investment, with `30 
Lakh Crore spent in the last decade and a projected `10 Lakh Crore more 
over the next four years. Around 70% of the urban infrastructure needed 
by 2047 is yet to be built, creating significant investment opportunities. 
India is expected to invest about US$ 840 Billion in infrastructure by 
2036, which is around US$ 55 Billion per year (about 1.2% of GDP), and 
this is likely to drive strong steel demand.
Rapid Industrialisation
Industrialisation in India continued to gain momentum in 2025-26, 
providing strong support to the steel industry, driven by expansion in 
manufacturing, mining, and electricity, which are key steel-consuming 
sectors. Moreover, large-scale government initiatives, including the 
development of industrial corridors, production-linked incentive (PLI) 
schemes, and approval of over US$ 3.6 Billion for new industrial parks, 
are further accelerating industrial capacity and attracting investments for 
the steel industry.
Company Overview
With more than 16 years of specialisation, Raghav Productivity Enhancers 
Limited (RPEL), formerly named Raghav Ramming Mass Limited, has 
emerged as an industry leader in India's silica ramming mass industry. 
Over the years, the organisation has reinforced its reputation as an 
organised manufacturer in this sector, the largest exporter and the only 
Indian supplier in a segment that is mostly fragmented and organised. 
RPEL has also been a pioneer in breaking geographical barriers, with 
its products reaching 27 states across India and 39 countries globally, 
reflecting its strong market presence and expanding international footprint.
RPEL has built its credibility by delivering consistently high-quality 
products to a vast range of renowned steel manufacturers and foundries, 
spanning domestic and international markets.
The primary business activities of RPEL are centred in Tonk, Rajasthan, 
with access to high-quality quartz mining areas. In 2025, the company 
increased its group capacity to 4,14,000 MTPA, which is expected to 
further expand to 5,34,000 MTPA by October 1, 2026. Additionally, RPEL 
has developed an indigenously engineered manufacturing process, for 
which it has been granted a first-of-its-kind patent by the Government 
of India. This highlights the Company’s focus on innovation and 
technological advancement within the silica ramming mass industry. 
Among its other recognitions, Certificate of Recognition for being the 
world's largest manufacturer of ramming mass by AIIFA, Asia's Most 
Trusted Ramming Mass Brand and others.
Driven by a strong commitment to innovation and superior quality, 
RPEL constantly upgrades its manufacturing system and technology 
to improve productivity and offer high-performance products. 
The Company also offers customised product formulations based on 
customers’ plant parameters and operating conditions, supported by 
a dedicated team of technicians who conduct on-site trials to optimise 
furnace performance, lining life and energy efficiency. Reflecting its 
adherence to strict quality protocols, the organisation is certified by ISO 
9001:2015 Quality Management System and Certificate of Compliance 
UK CERT . Additionally, RPEL is a frontrunner in developing products 
in the Indian Ramming Mass industry, in which it is supported by a 
government-approved research and development centre at its plant.
With its strong focus on research and development, RPEL emerges as a 
global leader in the silica ramming mass industry. The company delivers 
products with unparalleled quality, owing to its entirely automated 
processing and VSI-based crushing technology. Apart from enabling 
steel, casting and foundry units to improve operational excellence and 
cost effectiveness, this strengthens RPEL's market position against 
conventional local ramming mass.
Business Highlights 2025-2026
During FY26, Raghav Productivity Enhancers Limited continued to 
strengthen its operational and market position, achieving capacity 
utilisation of 87% during the fourth quarter, strong demand and 
healthy plant operations. The Company delivered a Return on Capital 
Employed (ROCE) of 28% and generated cash flow from operations 
of approximately `37 Crores during the year, supported by disciplined 
execution. Healthy customer additions through successful product trials 
further strengthened market penetration and demand across domestic 
and export markets.
Raghav Productivity Enhancers Ltd.
26
Annual Report 2025-26

--- page 19 ---
Export performance during the year witnessed temporary disruptions 
due to the Iran conflict and related geopolitical uncertainties affecting 
logistics and supply chains. However, export operations normalised 
from April 2026, with customers absorbing elevated freight costs. 
Inventory levels increased towards the end of the year as a precautionary 
measure against potential supply chain disruptions. The Company also 
continued to leverage its technological capabilities through India’s only 
government-approved R&D facility in the silica ramming mass industry, 
enabling the development of customised solutions focussed on improving 
furnace lining life, productivity and energy efficiency for customers.
Financial Highlights 
Analysis of consolidated profit and loss statement
Particulars FY26 FY25 Variance
Revenues (` Crores) 257.07 199.65 28.76%  
EBITDA (` Crores) 75.22 53.72 40.02% 
EBITDA margin (%) 29.26% 26.91% 235 bps
Net Profit (` Lakhs) 54.80 36.97  48.22%  
Net Profit Margin (%) 21.32% 18.52% 280 bps 
Net Worth (` Crores) 244.52  193.70 26.23%  
Capital Employed (` Crores) 249.93 200.78 24.48%
ROCE (%) 28%  24.20% 395 bps  
Debt Equity Ratio (X) 0.02  0.04
Revenues
The Company experienced an 28.76% increase in revenue from 
operations, rising from `199.65 Crores in the prior fiscal to `257.07   
Crores in FY26. Increase in revenue was driven by a 29% increase in 
volume and higher realisation.
Expenses
In FY26, the Company saw a rise in total expenses, which increased 
by 23.70% from `153.26 Crores in the previous fiscal year to `189.59 
Crores. This increase was largely driven by an increase in raw material 
costs, which represent % of total revenues, down from 28.35%, thanks 
to economies of scale. On the other hand, employee expenses, which 
account for 40.66% of revenues, Additionally, other expenses increased 
by 17.04% as the company continue to scale.
Analysis of the Balance Sheet
Source of Funds
The Company's capital employed increased by 24.5%, rising from 
`200.78 Crores as of March 31, 2025, to `249.93 Crores as of 
March 31, 2026. Similarly, RPEL's net worth grew by 26.24%, climbing 
from `193.70 Crores to `244.52 Crores during the same period.
Application of Funds
Throughout the fiscal year, the Company's gross fixed assets experienced 
a 11.92% increase, growing from `119.12 Crores as of March 31, 2025, 
to `132.56 Crores as of March 31, 2026, primarily due to investments in 
plant and machinery. As a result, depreciation rose from `6.45 Crores in 
FY25 to `7.01Crores in FY26.
Working Capital Management
The Company's current assets surged by 24.87%, increasing from `169.43 Crores as of March 31, 2025, to `135.69 Crores as of March 31, 2026, 
driven by the expansion of its business operations. Debtors also saw a rise of 13.77%, increasing from `51.17 Crores in FY25 to `58.22 Crores in FY26. 
Additionally, inventories, which majorly included raw materials and work-in-progress, grew by 65.85%, rising from `34.64 Crores as of March 31, 
2025, to `57.45 Crores as of March 31, 2026. Stockpiling in inventory was largely in the month of March, to tackle probable supply chain concerns 
due to the disruptions in the Middle East.
Key Risks Description Mitigation
Market Risk The global economy is slowing down with rising 
trade uncertainties, adversely affecting RPEL's 
export demand and market performance.
RPEL diversifies its market across 39+ countries in addition to India, 
using its geographical presence and reducing market risks. Its export sales 
volumes increased by 26% year-over-year, helping the company to cushion 
itself against fluctuating demand in the Indian market.
Raw Material 
Sourcing Risk
The risk of poor-quality raw materials 
procurement impacts product quality, escalates 
raw material costs, affects production schedules, 
disrupts customer confidence and damages 
business reputation.
RPEL procures raw materials, quartz stone of its own, only from the licensed 
mines. These resources adhere to stringent environmental and regulatory 
protocols, minimising supply interruptions, ensuring quality and decreasing 
compliance-related problems.
Currency Risk Given that almost half of the RPEL's revenue is 
gained from exports in FY26, fluctuating foreign 
exchange rates impact its profitability and 
margins.
RPEL constantly monitors currency changes and follows its hedging strategy 
prudently to curb the adverse volatility of the exchange rate on its financial 
activities.
Quality Risk Failure to meet prescribed quality standards 
results in customer dissatisfaction, which can 
negatively impact repeat business.
RPEL strongly emphasises operational discipline and quality assurance. 
The ISO 2015 certification strengthens quality management and maintains 
internationally recognised standards.
Technological 
Risk
Rapid digitalisation and changing industry 
practices pose challenges if technologies are not 
integrated promptly, affecting RPEL's efficiency.
RPEL constantly invests in current technology while upgrading to enhance 
product quality, expanding product portfolio and supporting long-term growth 
according to the industrial advancement.
Environmental 
Risk
Ramming Mass manufacturing has environmental 
considerations. Any breach in applicable 
environmental laws attracts penalties, impacting 
the organisation’s standing adversely.
RPEL implements sustainable manufacturing practices such as water 
conservation measures, recycling and reusing processes that minimise waste 
and emissions. Given that RPEL's facility is recognised by the National Green 
Tribunal, highlighting its environmental responsibility.
27
Annual Report 2025-26
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 118STATUTORY REPORTS22CORPORATE OVERVIEW01

--- page 20 ---
HR and Industrial Relations
The company strongly focusses on the welfare of all its employees, treating 
everyone with dignity and respect. The personnel are provided with an 
exceptional working environment, equipped with advanced technology. 
RPEL strongly believes in building an inclusive culture where trust, open 
communications and collaboration are encouraged, ensuring constant 
engagement of the employees. With the view of supporting employee 
growth, the company invests in skill development and structured training 
programmes, enhancing capabilities throughout all levels. To prioritise 
health and safety, RPEL has an ongoing improvement plan to achieve 
a zero-incident workplace, underpinned by comprehensive multi-year 
strategy guidelines that execute clear protocols and meet safety goals 
within the manufacturing operations. By March 31, 2026, RPEL's 
workforce consisted of 188 employees.
Internal Control Systems and Their Effectiveness
Aligning with the business complexity and size, RPEL establishes its 
vigorous internal control framework. The system integrates well-defined 
processes, policies and procedures, ensuring credible financial 
reporting, optimising resources, safeguarding assets and complying with 
applicable regulations. Internal audits are conducted regularly to evaluate 
its operations, in which the Audit Committee reviews findings and 
suggestions. Following this, corrective measures are initiated wherever 
required. Further, the Audit Committee engages in continuous dialogue 
with statutory and internal auditors to ensure the internal controls 
remain effective.
Cautionary Statement
The statements made in the Management Discussion and Analysis 
describing the objectives, projections, estimates and expectations may be 
‘forward-looking’ statements within the meaning of applicable securities 
laws and regulations. Actual results could differ from those expressed or 
implied. Important factors that could make a difference to the Company's 
operations include economic conditions affecting demand, supply, 
and price conditions in the domestic & overseas markets in which the 
company operates, changes in Government regulations, tax laws & other 
statutes, and other incidental factors.
Raghav Productivity Enhancers Ltd.
28
Annual Report 2025-26

--- page 21 ---
DIRECTORS’ REPORT 
To
The Members
Raghav Productivity Enhancers Limited
We are delighted to present on behalf of the board of directors, the 17 th Annual Report of Raghav Productivity Enhancers Limited (the company or 
Raghav) along with Audited Financial Statement for the financial year ended March 31, 2026.
To support ‘Green initiative’, the Abridged Integrated Annual Report has been sent to the Members whose e-mail ids are not registered with the Company 
/ Depositories.
The consolidated performance of the Company and its subsidiaries has been referred to wherever required.
1. FINANCIAL RESULTS
(` In Lakhs except EPS)
Particulars Standalone Consolidated
March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025 March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Revenue from operations 11,431.67 11,537.75 25,707.28 19,964.79
Other Income 719.22 246.73 213.94 131.69
Total Income 12,150.89 11,784.48 25,921.22 20,096.48
Finance Costs 12.97 11.75 72.01 87.36
Depreciation and amortization expenses 268.28 265.37 700.86 645.32
Total Other Expenses 4,203.53 4,911.07 9,592.64 8,339.80
Profit/(Loss) Before Tax 3,771.43 2,883.39 6,962.88 4,770.80
Less: Tax Expenses 854.63 743.95 1,482.58 1073.46
Net Profit/ (Loss) After Tax 2,916.80 2,139.44 5,480.30 3,697.35
Earnings per share (Basic) 6.35 4.66 11.94 8.05
Earnings per share (Diluted) 6.35 4.66 11.94 8.05
2.  RESULTS OF OPERATIONS AND STATE OF COMPANY’S 
AFFAIRS
  Your company was incorporated in 2009 in Rajasthan and 
is the world's largest manufacturer of silica ramming mass. 
Headquartered in Jaipur, your company operates its state-of-the-art 
manufacturing facilities using its patented technology in Newai, 
Rajasthan, with a combined installed capacity of 414,000 MTPA. 
The company exports to over 39+ countries world-wide and 28 
states pan-India being the only manufacturer to have successfully 
broken geographical barriers in the silica ramming mass industry. 
Silica Ramming Mass is a refractory material used in Induction 
Furnaces having prominence in secondary steel plants, foundry 
and casting units.
  FY2026 marked a significant milestone for the Company, as 
the company crossed `250 Crores in annual revenue and `50 
Crores in PAT for the first time. This achievement underscores the 
Company’s consistent growth trajectory and its ability to deliver 
sustained performance even during difficult industry cycles.
  During the year under review, your Company achieved consolidated 
revenue from operations of `25,707.28 Lakhs and recorded an 
operational profit (PBT) of `6,962.88 Lakhs. After providing for all 
expenses and taxes, the Company earned a Net Profit after Tax of 
`5,480.30 Lakhs.
  The Company continued to operate at healthy capacity utilization 
levels during the year, supported by stable demand visibility and a 
strong order pipeline.
 DIVIDEND
  Your Company has always endeavored to retain a balance 
by providing an appropriate return to the Shareholders while 
simultaneously retaining a reasonable portion of the profit to 
maintain healthy financial leverage with a view to support and fund 
the future expansion plans.
  The Board of Directors recommended a dividend of `1.00/-per fully 
paid up Equity Share (previous year `1.00/-) of face value of `10/- 
each for the financial year ended March 31, 2026. 
29
Annual Report 2025-26
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 118STATUTORY REPORTS22CORPORATE OVERVIEW01

--- page 22 ---
  The total Dividend outgo amounts to ` 4.59 Crores/- (previous year 
2024-25 ` 4.59 Crore).
  In terms of Regulation 43A of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“the Listing Regulations”), the 
Dividend Distribution Policy duly approved by the Board is available 
on the website of the Company and can be accessed at https://
tiimg.tistatic.com/fm/1116159/dividend-distribution-policy.pdf . 
The Board has recommended dividend based on the parameters 
laid down in the Dividend Distribution Policy and dividend will be 
paid out of the profits for the year.
3. AMOUNTS TRANSFERRED TO RESERVES
  Your Board doesn’t propose to transfer any amount to General Reserve in terms of Section 134(3)(j) of the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”) for 
the financial year ended on March 31, 2026. Further, the Balance specified in the individual head is detailed as below:
(` In Lakhs)
S. No. Reserve Head Opening Balance Addition Deduction Closing Balance
1. Securities Premium Account 942.15 42.82 0 984.97
2. Surplus/ Profit and Loss Account 12,278.68 952.57 1,402.72 11,828.54
4. CHANGE IN NATURE OF BUSINESS
  There was no change in the nature of business of the Company 
during the financial year 2025-2026.
5.  INFORMATION ABOUT SUBSIDIARIES/ ASSOCIATES 
COMPANY/ JOINT VENTURES
Name of Company CIN Type
Raghav Productivity 
Solutions Private 
Limited
U26990RJ2020PTC072716 Wholly owned 
Subsidiary
  Raghav Productivity Solutions Private Limited is wholly Owned 
Subsidiary of the company and engaged in the business of 
manufacturing and trading of Ramming Mass. During the year 
Company has a net profit of ` 3,024.46 Lakhs and there has been 
no material change in the nature of the business of the subsidiary.
  Further w.e.f April 1, 2025 Raghav Productivity Solutions 
Private Limited is material Subsidiary of Raghav Productivity 
Enhancers Limited
  Pursuant to the provisions of section 129(3) of the Act, the Company 
has prepared Consolidated Financial Statements which forms part 
of this Annual Report. A separate statement providing details of 
performance and salient features of the financial statements of the 
Company’s Subsidiary in prescribed Form AOC-1 is annexed as 
‘Annexure-1’ to this report.
  The Audited Financial Statements including the consolidated 
financial statements of the Company and all other documents 
required to be attached thereto is available on the Company’s 
website and can be accessed at i.e. www.rammingmass.
com The financial statements of the subsidiary, as required are 
available on the Company’s website and can be accessed at i.e. 
www.rammingmass.com. These documents will also be available 
for inspection on all working days, during business hours, at the 
Registered Office of the Company.
  Further, there was no Company which has ceased to be Company’s 
Subsidiary, Joint Venture or Associate Company during the financial 
year ended on March 31, 2026.
 6. CHANGES IN CAPITAL STRUCTURE
  As on March 31, 2025, the Authorised Share Capital of the 
Company stood at `50,00,00,000/- (Rupees Fifty Crores Only), 
while the Paid-up Share Capital was `45,90,52,000/- (Rupees 
Forty-Five Crores Ninety Lakhs Fifty-Two Thousand Only),
  During the year under review, the following changes were made:
   No change in Authorised Share Capital.
   Allotment of shares under ESOP Scheme 2018:
  The Board of Directors, at its meeting held on April 30, 2025 alloted 
6,760 shares to the specified employee of the Company
  All statutory proceedings and compliances related to allotment of 
ESOP shares were completed within the timelines prescribed under 
applicable laws.
  Consequent to the allotment of shares under ESOP scheme 2018, 
As on March 31, 2026, the Paid-up Equity Share Capital of the 
Company increased to `45,91,19,600/- (Rupees Forty-Five Crores 
Ninety one Lakhs Ninteen Thousand Six hundred Only), divided into 
4,59,11,960 (Four Crores Fifty-Nine Lakhs eleven Thousand nine 
Hundred and sixty only) Equity Shares of `10/- each.
 7. EXTRACT OF ANNUAL RETURN
  Pursuant to Section 92(3) read with Section 134(3)(a) of the Act, the 
Annual Return as on March 31, 2026 is available on the Company’s 
website and can be accessed at www.rammingmass.com
 8. MATERIAL CHANGES AND COMMITMENTS
  As on April 24, 2026, Board of Directors in their meeting held 
on April 24, 2026 made allotment of 9990 equity shares @ face 
value of ` 10/- each and premium of ` 297.36/- shares to specific 
list of employees under ESOP Scheme 2018 which increase the 
Raghav Productivity Enhancers Ltd.
30
Annual Report 2025-26

--- page 23 ---
paid up capital of Company to ` 45, 921,9500 (Forty five crore 
ninety two lakh nineteen thousand five hundred only) comprising of 
` 4,59,21,950 shares @face value of ` 10/- each.
  In view of a positive demand outlook, sustained customer 
requirements, and consistently high utilization levels, the Board 
of Directors approved capacity expansion at both manufacturing 
plants on April 24, 2026.
  The approved expansion plan is as follows:
Entity Current Capacity 
(MTPA)
Addition 
(MTPA)
Updated Capacity 
(MTPA)
RPEL 1,44,000 36,000 1,80,000
RPSPL 2,70,000 84,000 3,54,000
Total 4,14,000 1,20,000 5,34,000
  The capacity is expected to be commissioned in phases, 
with full capacity likely to be available from October 1, 2026. 
Upon completion of the proposed expansion, the updated capacity 
will further strengthen the Company’s market position and enabling 
it to efficiently cater to  growing customer demand.
  Other than above there are no material changes and commitments 
affecting the financial position of the Company that have occurred 
between the end of the financial year of the Company to which the 
financial statements relate and the date of this report.
 9. MATERIAL ORDERS
  In pursuance to Rule 8(5)(vii) of the Companies (Accounts) 
Rules, 2014, no significant or material orders were passed by the 
regulators or courts or tribunals impacting the going concern status 
and Company’s operations in future.
10. CORPORATE SUSTAINABILITY 
  At Raghav, sustainability constitutes a fundamental component 
of the Company’s core values and operational philosophy. It is 
integrated into decision-making processes, governance standards, 
and business conduct across all levels of the organisation. 
The Company applies Environmental, Social, and Governance 
(ESG) principles throughout its operations and value chain, with the 
objective of fostering sustainable, inclusive, and equitable outcomes.
  This ESG commitment is operationalised through defined, 
measurable initiatives that support environmental responsibility, 
promote workforce well-being and inclusion, strengthen community 
partnerships, and generate long-term value for stakeholders. 
The approach is designed to address current priorities while 
maintaining a long-term perspective on resource stewardship and 
intergenerational equity.
  Through its Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) initiatives, 
Raghav engages with local communities and non-governmental 
organisations to deliver targeted interventions in the areas 
of education, empowerment, environment, and healthcare. 
These efforts are structured to improve quality of life and build 
resilience among marginalised populations.
  The Company endeavours to exceed statutory requirements and 
benchmark itself against recognised sustainability practices. 
Its ESG disclosures align with national and international 
frameworks, including the United Nations Sustainable Development 
Goals (SDGs) and the National Guidelines on Responsible Business 
Conduct (NGRBC).
  Raghav’s progress across various dimensions of corporate 
sustainability has contributed to its recognition in the ESG 
domain. Details of such recognitions and initiatives are provided 
in the Company’s sustainability reports, which are available on its 
official website. The Company remains committed to upholding 
the principles of transparency, ethical conduct, and continuous 
improvement in all aspects of its sustainability agenda.
 11.  PARTICULARS OF LOANS, GUARANTEES AND 
INVESTMENTS
  Pursuant to the provisions of section 186 of the Act and Schedule 
V of the Listing Regulations, the company has made investment 
in its wholly owned subsidiary details of which are provided in the 
financial statements. Further, there are no loans granted, guarantees 
given or issued or securities provided by your Company in terms of 
section 186 of the Act, read with the rules issued there under.
 12. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTION
  During the financial year ended March 31, 2026, all transactions 
with the Related Parties as defined under section 188 the Act read 
with rules framed there-under and Regulation 23 of the Listing 
Regulations were in the ‘ordinary course of business’ and ‘at 
arm's length’ basis. Considering Financial Statement of Financial 
Year 2024-25, Raghav Productivity Solutions Private Limited, 
wholly owned Subsidiary of your Company has become a ‘Material 
Subsidiary’ as defined under Regulation 16(1)(c) of the Listing 
Regulations w.e.f. April 1, 2025 and continued the same therefore 
policy for the same has adopted which can be accessed at https://
www.rammingmass.com/our-policies.php#investor-tab 
  During the year under review, the Company did not enter into any 
Related Party Transactions which require prior approval of the 
Members. All Related Party Transactions of your Company had 
prior approval of the Audit Committee and the Board of Directors, 
as required under the Listing Regulations. Subsequently, the 
Audit Committee and the Board have reviewed the Related Party 
Transactions on a periodic basis. During the year under review, 
there has been no materially significant Related Party Transactions 
having potential conflict with the interest of the Company except 
with the wholly owned subsidiary.
31
Annual Report 2025-26
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 118STATUTORY REPORTS22CORPORATE OVERVIEW01

--- page 24 ---
  Further As per SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015 and Companies Act, 
2013 transactions entered into between a holding company and its 
wholly owned subsidiary is exempted from any type of approvals 
whether by Board or shareholders.
  There are no particulars of material contracts or arrangements 
with related parties referred in section 188(1) of the Act. 
Necessary disclosures required under the AS-18 have been made 
in Note No. 34 of the Notes to the Financial Statements for the year 
ended March 31, 2026.
  Your Company has formulated a Policy on materiality of Related 
Party Transactions and the said Policy has been uploaded on 
the website of the Company and can be accessed at https://
www.rammingmass.com/our-policies.php#investor-tab Further, 
your Company has an internal mechanism for the purpose of 
identification and monitoring of Related Party Transactions.
13. Employee Stock Option Scheme
  During the year, your Company had ‘Raghav Productivity Enhancers 
Limited Employee Stock Option Scheme 2018 (RPEL ESOP Scheme 
2018) The ESOP Schemes are in compliance with the Act and SEBI 
(Share Based Employee Benefits and Sweat Equity) Regulations, 
2021 and the disclosures relating to the ESOP Schemes as required 
under the abovementioned SEBI Regulations is mentioned below:
  DISCLOSURES WITH RESPECT TO EMPLOYEE STOCK OPTION 
SCHEMES OF THE COMPANY PURSUANT TO REGULATION 14 
OF THE SEBI (SHARE BASED EMPLOYEE BENEFITS AND SWEAT 
EQUITY) REGULATIONS, 2021 AS ON MARCH 31, 2026
  During FY 2026, the Company had only one Employee 
Stock Option Scheme:
  1.  Raghav Productivity Enhancers Limited Employees Stock 
Option Scheme 2018” (‘RPEL ESOP Scheme 2018’)
     During the financial year under review there has been no 
material change in the Employee Stock Option Schemes 
(‘ESOP Schemes’) of the Company and the same are in 
compliance with the Companies Act, 2013 read with rules 
thereunder and the SEBI (Share Based Employee Benefits 
and Sweat Equity) Regulations, 2021 and other SEBI 
Regulations, if any.
     Disclosures required under Regulation 14 of SEBI (Share 
Based Employee Benefits and Sweat Equity) Regulations, 
2021, are as under:
    A.  Relevant disclosures in terms of accounting standards 
prescribed by the Central Government in terms of section 
133 of the Companies Act, 2013 (18 of 2013) including the 
'Guidance note on accounting for employee share-based 
payments' issued in that regard from time to time.
     For details, shareholders may refer to the audited financial 
statement which forms part of the Integrated Annual 
Report FY 2025-26.
    B.  Diluted EPS on issue of shares pursuant to all the schemes 
covered under the regulations shall be disclosed in 
accordance with 'Indian Accounting Standard 33 - Earnings 
Per Share' issued by Central Government or any other relevant 
accounting  standards  as issued from time to  time.
   Diluted EPS as per Standalone financial statement for ESOP 
Schemes for the year ended March 31, 2026 is: ` 6.35
  C. Details related to RPEL ESOP Scheme 2018
  I.  Description including the general terms and conditions of 
RPEL ESOP Scheme 2018 is as follows:
Sl.
No.
Particulars ESOP Scheme 2018
(a) Date of shareholders’ 
approval
May 1, 2018
April 3, 2024
(b) Total number of 
options approved 
under ESOP scheme
16,08,208
(c) Vesting requirements Vesting will commence one 
year after the date of Grant at 
the rate as stated in grant letter
Exercise price or 
pricing formula
The exercise price per Option shall 
not be less than face value of one 
equity share and shall not exceed 
fair market price of the equity 
share of the Company as on date 
of grant of Option, which may 
be decided by the Nomination & 
Remuneration Committee/Board.
Maximum term of 
options  granted
6 years
Source of shares
(primary, secondary or 
combination)
Primary
Variation in terms of 
options
The route of administration of the 
Scheme is through ‘Direct route’.
 i.  Method used to account for ESOP (Intrinsic or fair 
value): Fair Value
  ii.  Where the company opts for expensing of the options using 
the intrinsic value of the options, the difference between 
the employee compensation cost so computed and the 
employee compensation cost that shall have been recognized 
if it had used the fair value of the options shall be disclosed. 
The impact of this difference on profits and on EPS of the 
company shall also be disclosed: Not Applicable
Raghav Productivity Enhancers Ltd.
32
Annual Report 2025-26

--- page 25 ---
  II. Option movement during FY26:
Particulars ESOP 
Scheme - 
2018
Number of options outstanding at the 
beginning of the period i.e. April 1, 2025
67,600
Number of options granted during the 
year*
-
Number of options Cancelled/forfeited/ 
lapsed during the year
-
Number of options vested during the year -
Number of options exercised during the 
year
6,760
Number of shares arising as a result of 
exercise of options
6,760
Money realized by exercise of options, if 
scheme is implemented directly by the 
Company (INR)
20,77,753.6/-
Loan repaid by the Trust during the year 
from exercise price received
N.A.
Number of options outstanding at the end 
of the year i.e. March 31, 2026
60,840
Number of options exercisable at the end of 
the year i.e. March 31, 2026
10,140
 III.  Weighted-average exercise prices and weighted-average fair 
values of options shall be disclosed separately for options 
whose exercise price either equals or exceeds or is less than 
the market price of the stock: Not Applicable
 IV.  Employee wise details (name of employee, designation, 
number of options granted during the year, exercise price) of 
options granted to – Not Applicable
     a.  Senior managerial personnel as defined under 
Regulation 16(d) of the Securities and Exchange 
Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015: Nil
     b.  Any other employee who receives a grant in any one 
year of option amounting to 5% or more of option 
granted during that year: Nil
     c.  Identified employees who were granted option, 
during any one year, equal to or exceeding 1% of the 
issued capital (excluding outstanding warrants and 
conversions) of the company at the time of grant: Nil
 V.  A description of the method and significant assumptions used 
during the year to estimate the fair value of options including 
the following information: Not Applicable
  The certificate of Secretarial Auditor confirming compliance of the 
ESOP Schemes with the Act and abovementioned SEBI Regulations 
is given in ‘Annexure 2’ to this Report.
14. CREDIT RATINGS
  During the financial year 2025-26, on the basis of recent 
development including operational and financial performance of 
the Company, Credit Rating Agency- CRISIL has assigned stable 
rating as follows:
Facilities Ratings
Long Term Bank Facilities CRISIL A-/Positive (Outlook revised 
from 'Stable'; Rating Reaffirmed)
  Further, the company has been regular in making principal and 
interest repayments to the Banks and financial institutions.
 15. BOARD AND COMMITTEE MEETINGS
  The details of Board and Committee meetings held during the 
financial year ended on March 31, 2026 and the attendance of the 
Directors are set out in the Corporate Governance Report which 
forms part of this report.
  The frequency of Board Meetings and quorum at such meetings 
were in accordance with the Act, the Listing Regulations and 
Secretarial Standards-1 on Meetings of the Board of Directors 
issued by ICSI. The intervening gap between any two meetings was 
within the period prescribed by the Act and the Listing Regulations.
 16. DIRECTORS AND KEY MANAGERIAL PERSONNEL
  The Board plays crucial role in overseeing how the management 
serves the short and long term interests of shareholders and other 
stakeholders. This belief is reflected in our governance practices, 
under which we strive to maintain an effective, informed and 
independent Board of Directors and keep our governance practices 
under continuous review.
  As on March 31, 2026, the total Board strength comprises of 7 
Directors out of which 2 Directors are Executive - Non Independent 
Directors, 1 Director is Non-Executive - Non Independent Directors 
and 4 are Non-Executive - Independent Directors. All Independent 
Directors of the company as on the date of this report have 
also registered on Independent Directors in Database of IICA for 
Independent Directors.
  The Company’s Board Members are from diverse backgrounds 
with skills and experience in critical areas like Marketing, Finance 
& Taxation, Economics, Law, Governance etc. Further, all 
Independent Directors are persons of eminence and bring a wide 
range of expertise and experience to the board thereby ensuring the 
best interests of stakeholders and the Company. They take active 
part at the Board and Committee Meetings by providing valuable 
guidance to the management on various aspects of Business, 
33
Annual Report 2025-26
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 118STATUTORY REPORTS22CORPORATE OVERVIEW01

--- page 26 ---
Policy Direction, Compliance etc. and play critical role on issues, 
which enhances the transparency and add value in the decision 
making process of the Board of Directors. The composition of the 
Board also complies with the provisions of the Act and Regulation 
17(1) of Listing Regulations. The Board reviews its strength and 
composition from time to time to ensure that it remains aligned with 
the statutory, as well as business requirements.
  During the year under review, the following changes occurred in the 
Board of Directors:
 A) Retire By Rotation
  •  In accordance with the provisions of Articles of Association 
of the Company, read with Section 152 of the Act, 
Mrs. Krishna Kabra, Director of the company, whose office 
is liable to retire at the ensuing Annual General Meeting, 
being eligible, seeks reappointment. Based on performance 
evaluation and the recommendation of the Nomination 
and Remuneration Committee, the Board recommends 
his reappointment.
     Necessary resolutions for the appointment/ re- appointment 
of aforesaid Directors, wherever applicable, have been 
incorporated in the notice convening the ensuing AGM. 
As required under the listing regulations and Secretarial 
Standards on General Meetings issued by ICSI, the relevant 
details of Directors retiring by rotation and/or seeking 
appointment/re-appointment at the ensuing AGM are 
furnished as ‘ Annexure A ’ to the notice of AGM.
     None of the Directors of the Company are disqualified/ 
debarred as per the applicable provisions of the Act and the 
Securities and Exchange Board of India.
 B) Cessation due to Tenure Completion
  Mr. Praveen Totla, Non-Executive Independent Director of the 
Company completed his tenure on December 1, 2025, in accordance 
with the provisions of Companies Act, 2013 and SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015.
  Board of Directors places on record its sincere appreciation of 10 
years for his valuable contribution and guidance during his tenure.
 17. NUMBER OF MEETINGS OF THE BOARD
  Six (4) meetings of the Board were held during the year. For details 
of meetings of the Board, please refer to the Corporate Governance 
Report, which is a part of this report.
 18. COMMITTEES OF BOARD
  The Board of Directors of the Company has constituted the 
following Committees:
  a)  Audit Committee
  b)  Corporate Social Responsibility Committee
  c)  Nomination and Remuneration Committee
  d)  Stakeholders Relationship Committee
  e)  Bank & Credit Committee
  f)  Risk Management Committee
  The Committees’ composition, charters and meetings held 
during the year and attendance thereat, are given in the Report on 
Corporate Governance forming part of this Annual Report.
 19. DECLARATION BY INDEPENDENT DIRECTORS
  Pursuant to the provisions of section 149(6) of the Act and 
Regulation 16(1)(b) of the Listing Regulations, all Independent 
Directors of the Company have given declaration that they meet the 
criteria of independence.
  It is to be further noted that and per the provisions of Rule 6 of 
the Companies (Appointment and Qualifications of Directors) 
Rules, 2014 all the Independent Directors of the company have 
registered their name as Independent Directors in Database of IICA 
and Mr. Govind Saboo and Mrs. Rajni Sekhri Sibal has passed the 
online proficiency self-assessment test and Mr. Amar Lal Daultani 
and Mr. Hemant Nerurkar Madhusudan are exempted to clear the 
said online proficiency self-assessment test.
  The terms & conditions for the appointment of Independent 
Directors are given on the website of the Company’ website and can 
be accessed at i.e. https://www.rammingmass.com/our-policies.
php#investor-tab
  Further, in terms of Regulation 25(8) of the Listing Regulations, the 
Independent Directors have confirmed that they are not aware of 
any circumstance or situation, which exist or may be reasonably 
anticipated, that could impair or impact their ability to discharge 
their duties. The Independent Directors have also confirmed that 
they have complied with the Company’s code of conduct prescribed 
in Schedule IV to the Act.
 20.  FAMILIARIZATION PROGRAMME FOR INDEPENDENT 
DIRECTORS
  In compliance with the requirements of the Act and the Listing 
Regulations, the Company has put in place a familiarization 
programme for the Independent Directors with regard to their roles, 
rights and responsibilities in the Company and provides details 
regarding the nature of the industry in which the Company operates 
the business models of the Company etc. which aims to provide 
insight to the Independent Directors to understand the business 
of the Company. Upon induction, the Independent Directors are 
familiarized with their roles, rights and responsibilities.
  The details of the familiarization program for Independent Directors 
are available on the Company’s website and can be accessed at 
https://www.rammingmass.com/our-policies.php#investor-tab
 21. FORMAL ANNUAL EVALUATION
  The Board of Directors has carried out an annual evaluation of 
its own performance, board committees, and individual directors 
pursuant to the provisions of the Act and Listing Regulations.
  The performance evaluation of the Board was based on criteria 
such as composition and role of the Board, Board communication 
and relationships, functioning of Board Committees of Board 
processes, manner of conducting the meetings, review of 
performance of Executive Directors, value addition of the Board 
Raghav Productivity Enhancers Ltd.
34
Annual Report 2025-26

--- page 27 ---
members and corporate governance, succession planning, 
strategic planning, etc.
  The performance of the committees was evaluated by the Board 
after seeking inputs from the committee members on the basis of 
criteria such as the composition of committees, effectiveness of 
committee meetings, etc.
  The above criteria are broadly based on the Guidance Note on Board 
Evaluation issued by the Securities and Exchange Board of India on 
January 5, 2017. In a separate meeting of independent directors, 
performance of non-independent directors, the Board as a whole 
and Chairman of the Company was evaluated, taking into account 
the views of executive directors and non-executive directors.
  The Board and the Nomination and Remuneration Committee 
reviewed the performance of individual directors on the basis of 
criteria such as the contribution of the individual director to the 
board and committee meetings like preparedness on the issues to 
be discussed, meaningful and constructive contribution and inputs 
in meetings, etc.
  At the board meeting that followed the meeting of the independent 
directors and meeting of Nomination and Remuneration 
Committee, the performance of the Board, its Committees, and 
individual directors was also discussed. Performance evaluation of 
independent directors was done by the entire Board, excluding the 
independent director being evaluated.
  The Board founded the evaluation satisfactory and no observations 
were raised during the said evaluation in current year as well as 
in previous year
 22. AUDITOR AND REPORT THEREON
 • Statutory Auditor
  M/s. A. Bafna & Co., Chartered Accountants, Jaipur (Firm 
Registration Number: 03185C) were appointed as Statutory 
Auditors of the Company, at the Annual General Meeting held on 
June 25, 2021 for a period of five years from the conclusion of 12th 
Annual General Meeting till the conclusion of 17th Annual General 
Meeting to be held in year 2026.
  Since tenure of M/s A. Bafna & Co. will be completed in this ensuing 
17th Annual General Meeting of the Company. Therefore appointment 
of new Statutory Auditors is been recommended to Shareholders.
  Further, in terms of the SEBI (Listing Obligations & Disclosure 
Requirements) (Third Amendment) Regulation, 2024, the Board 
on recommendation of Audit Committee has recommended 
appointment of M/s Ravi Sharma & Co., Chartered Accountant 
(Firm Registration No. 015143C), as Statutory Auditors of the 
Company for a period of five years from the conclusion of 17th 
Annual General Meeting till the conclusion of 22nd Annual General 
Meeting to be held in year 2031. A resolution seeking shareholders’ 
approval for the appointment of M/s Ravi Sharma & Co., Chartered 
Accountants as Statutory Auditors has been included in the notice 
of the ensuing Annual General Meeting of the Company.
  In this regard and rules made there-under, the Company has 
received certificate from the in accordance with provisions of 
Section 141 of the Act.
  M/s. A. Bafna & Co., Chartered Accountants, have submitted their 
Report on the Financial Statements of the Company for the Financial 
Year 2025-26, which forms part of the Annual Report 2025-26.
  There are no observations (including any qualification, reservation, 
adverse remark or disclaimer) of the Auditors in their Audit Reports 
that may call for any explanation from the Directors.
  As per sub section 12 of section 143 of the Act during the financial 
year no fraud was reported by the Auditor of the Company in 
their Audit Report.
 • Secretarial Auditor
  Pursuant to provisions of Section 204 of the Companies Act, 2013 
and rules made thereunder, The Board of Directors has appointed 
M/s. ARMS & Associates LLP , Company Secretaries as Secretarial 
Auditors for a term of five consecutive financial years commencing 
from April 1, 2025 till March 31, 2029. Therefore they conduct the 
secretarial audit of the Company for the financial year 2025-26.
  Accordingly, they have conducted Secretarial Audit for the 
Financial Year 2025-26 and Secretarial Audit Report in Form MR-3 
is enclosed herewith as ‘Annexure 3’. Pursuant to provisions of 
Regulation 24A of Listing Regulations, the Secretarial Auditors 
have also issued Annual Secretarial Compliance Report for the 
F .Y . 2025-26. Both the reports do not contain any qualification, 
reservation or adverse remark.
 • Internal Auditor
  In accordance with the provisions of section 138 of the Act and 
rules made thereunder, the Board of Directors of the Company 
has appointed M/s Birla Gupta & Co., Chartered Accountants, 
Jaipur (FRN: 020802C) as Internal Auditor of the Company for the 
financial year 2025-2026.
  The Internal Audit Report was received half-yearly by the Company 
and the same were reviewed and approved by the Audit Committee 
and Board of Directors. The yearly Internal Audit Report received for 
the financial Year 2025-2026 is free from any qualification, further 
the notes on accounts are self-explanatory and the observations 
were looked into by the management.
  During the financial year 2025-2026, no fraud was reported by the 
Internal Auditor of the Company in their Audit Report.
  Further M/s RP Khandelwal & Associates., Chartered Accountants, 
(FRN: 001795C) Jaipur have been appointed by the Board, 
to conduct the Internal Audit of the Company for the financial 
year 2026-2027.
 23. INSIDER TRADING PREVENTION CODE
  Pursuant to the provisions of the Securities and Exchange Board 
of India (Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations, 2015 and 
35
Annual Report 2025-26
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 118STATUTORY REPORTS22CORPORATE OVERVIEW01

--- page 28 ---
amendments thereto, the Company has adopted an ‘Internal Code 
of Conduct for Regulating, Monitoring and Reporting of Trades by 
Designated Persons’ (“the Code”).
  The Code is applicable to Promoters, Member of Promoter’s Group, 
all Directors and such Designated Employees and other connected 
persons who are expected to have access to unpublished price 
sensitive information relating to the Company. The Company 
Secretary is the Compliance Officer to regulate, monitor and report 
trading adherence to the PIT Regulations. The same is available on 
the website of the Company at https://www.rammingmass.com/
our-policies.php#investor-tab.
 24. VIGIL MECHANISM/ WHISTLE BLOWER POLICY
  Pursuant to the Section 177(9) of the Act and Regulation 22 of 
the SEBI Listing Regulations and SEBI (Prohibition of Insider 
Trading) Regulations, 2015, as amended, the company has set 
up a Direct Touch initiative, under which all Directors, employees/ 
business associates have direct access to the Chairman of 
the Audit Committee for this purpose. The Company promotes 
ethical behavior in all its business activities and in line with the 
best international governance practices, Raghav has established 
a system through which Directors, employees and business 
associates may report unethical behavior, malpractices, wrongful 
conduct, fraud, violation of Company’s code of conduct without 
fear of reprisal. The Whistle-Blower Protection Policy aims to:
  •  Allow and encourage stakeholders to bring to the 
Management notice concerns about unethical behavior, 
malpractice, wrongful conduct, actual or suspected fraud or 
violation of policies.
  • Ensure timely and consistent organizational response.
  • Build and strengthen a culture of transparency and trust.
  • Provide protection against victimization.
  The above mechanism has been appropriately communicated 
within the Company across all levels and has been displayed on 
the Company’s intranet as well as on the Company’s website and 
can be accessed at https://www.rammingmass.com/our-policies.
php#investor-tab
  During the financial year, no whistle blower event was reported and 
mechanism is functioning well. The Audit Committee periodically 
reviews the existence and functioning of the mechanism. It reviews 
the status of complaints received under this policy on regular basis. 
The Committee has, in its report, affirmed that no personnel have 
been denied access to the Audit Committee.
 25. CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY
  The company’s CSR initiatives and activities are aligned to the 
requirements of Section 135 of the Act. The brief outline of the CSR 
policy of the Company and the initiatives undertaken by the Company 
on CSR activities during the year are set out in “Annexure 4” of this 
report in the format prescribed in the Companies (Corporate Social 
Responsibility Policy) Rules, 2014.
  For other details regarding the CSR Committee, please refer to 
the Corporate Governance Report, which is a part of this report. 
This Policy is available on the Company’s website and can 
be accessed at https://www.rammingmass.com/our-policies.
php#investor-tab.
 27.  RISK MANAGEMENT POLICY
  The Company has developed a very comprehensive Risk 
Management Policy under which all key risk and mitigation plan 
are compiled in three stages i.e. Risk assessment/ evaluation, Risk 
Reporting and Management of the risk evaluated and reported. 
The objective of the policy is to create and protect shareholders’ 
value by minimizing threats or losses, and identifying and 
maximizing opportunities. The Risk Management Policy defines 
the risk management approach across the enterprise at various 
levels including documentation and reporting. This Policy is 
available on the Company’s website and can be accessed https://
www.rammingmass.com/our-policies.php#investor-tab.
 28.   POLICY ON PREVENTION, PROHIBITION AND REDRESSAL 
OF SEXUAL HARASSMENT AT WORKPLACE
  In order to prevent sexual harassment of women at workplace “The 
Sexual Harassment of Women at Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition 
and Redressal) Act, 2013” was notified on December 09, 2013, 
under the said Act, every Company is required to set up an Internal 
Complaints Committee to look into complaints relating to sexual 
harassment at workplace of any women employee.
  In terms of the provisions of the said Act, the Company has 
adopted a Policy on Prevention, Prohibition and Redressal of Sexual 
Harassment at the Workplace.
  Company has formed an “Internal Complaints Committee” for 
prevention and redressal of sexual harassment at Workplace. 
The Committee is having requisite members and is chaired by 
a senior woman member of the organization. The following is a 
summary of sexual harassment complaints received and disposed 
off during the year 2025-26:
  Number of complaints pending at the beginning of the 
Financial Year : NIL
  Number of complaints received during the Financial Year : NIL
  Number of complaints disposed off during the Financial Year : NIL
  Number of complaints unsolved at the end of the Financial Year
  Number of cases pending for more than ninety days : NIL
 29.  Disclosure under the Maternity Benefit Act, 1961
  The provisions of the Maternity Benefit Act, 1961 are applicable 
to the Company. However, during the financial year 2025–26, 
there were no instances requiring compliance under the said Act. 
The Company remains committed to adhering to all applicable 
labour and welfare legislations.
Raghav Productivity Enhancers Ltd.
36
Annual Report 2025-26

--- page 29 ---
 30.  NOMINATION AND REMUNERATION POLICY
  The Company’s policy on Appointment and Remuneration of 
Directors, Senior Management Personnel and other matters 
as per the provisions of section 178 (3) of the Act is available 
on the Company’s website and can be accessed at https://
www.rammingmass.com/our-policies.php#investor-tab.
  Further, the silent features of the policy have been disclosed in the 
Corporate Governance Report, which is a part of this Report.
 31.  PARTICULARS OF EMPLOYEES
  In terms of the first proviso to Section 136 of the Act, the Reports 
and Accounts are being sent to the shareholders excluding the 
information required under Rule 5(2) and (3) of the Companies 
(Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 
2014. Any shareholder interested in obtaining the same may write 
to the Company Secretary at the Registered Office of the Company. 
The said information is available for inspection by the Members at 
the Registered Office of the Company on any working day of the 
Company upto the date of the 17th Annual General Meeting.
  The statement containing information as required under the 
provisions of Section 197(12) of the Act read with Rule 5(1) of 
the Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial 
Personnel) Rules, 2014 is given in ‘Annexure-5’ and forms part 
of this Report.
 32.  DEPOSITS FROM PUBLIC
  During the financial year under review, the Company has neither 
invited nor accepted or renewed any deposit from public, 
shareholders or employees and no amount of principal or interest 
on deposits from public is outstanding as at the Balance Sheet date 
in terms of provisions of section 73 to 76 of the Act read with the 
Companies (Acceptance of Deposits) Rules, 2014.
 33.  INTERNAL FINANCIAL CONTROL SYSTEMS AND THEIR 
ADEQUACY
  The details in respect of internal financial control and their adequacy 
are included in the Management Discussion and Analysis, which is 
a part of this report.
 34.  CONSERVATION OF ENERGY , TECHNOLOGY ABSORPTION 
AND FOREIGN EXCHANGE EARNING AND OUTGO
  Pursuant to provisions of Section 134(M) of the Act read with 
Rule 8(3) of the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014 the details of 
Conservation of Energy, Technology Absorption, Foreign Exchange 
Earnings and Outgo are attached as ‘Annexure 6’ to this report.
 35.  STATUS OF CASES FILED UNDER INSOLVENCY AND 
BANKRUPTCY CODE, 2016
  The company has neither made any application nor any application 
made against the Company during the financial year 2025-2026.
 36. MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS REPORT
  Management Discussion and Analysis Report for the year under 
review as stipulated under Listing Regulations is presented in a 
separate section forming part of this Report.
 37. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
  The Company has complied with the requirements of corporate 
governance as stipulated under the listing regulations. The corporate 
governance report and certificate from practicing Company 
Secretary confirming compliance of conditions as required by 
Regulation 34(3) read with Part E of Schedule V of the Listing 
Regulations are forming part of this Report.
 38.  CODE OF BUSINESS CONDUCT AND ETHICS FOR 
DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT
  The code of conduct has been circulated to all the members of the 
Board and Senior Management Personnel and they have affirmed 
their compliance with the said code of conduct for the financial year 
ended on March 31, 2026.
  A declaration to this effect signed by Mr. Rajesh Kabra, Managing 
Director and Mr. Deepak Jaju, Chief Financial Officer, of the 
Company stating that the members of Board of Directors and Senior 
Management Personnel have affirmed compliance with the code of 
conduct of Board of Directors and senior management is annexed 
as “Annexure A” to the Corporate Governance Report forming part 
of this Report.
 39.  TRANSFER OF AMOUNTS TO INVESTOR EDUCATION AND 
PROTECTION FUND (IEPF)
  Pursuant to sections 124 and 125 of the Act read with the Investor 
Education and Protection Fund Authority (Accounting, Audit, 
Transfer and Refund) Rules, 2016 (“IEPF Rules”) there was no 
dividend which is unclaimed/ unpaid for more than seven years, 
hence the company is not required to transfer any amount to 
Investor Education and Protection Fund.
 40. DIRECTORS’ RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT
  Pursuant to Section 134(5) of the Act, the Board of Directors, to the 
best of its knowledge and ability, confirm that:
 i)  in the preparation of annual accounts, the applicable accounting 
standards have been followed and there are no material departures;
 ii)  they have selected such accounting policies and applied them 
consistently, and made judgments and estimates that are 
reasonable and prudent so as to give a true and fair view of the 
state of the affairs of the Company at the end of financial year and 
of the profit of the Company for that year;
 iii)  they have taken proper and sufficient care for the maintenance of 
adequate accounting records in accordance with the provisions 
of the Act for safeguarding the assets of the company and for 
preventing and detecting fraud and other irregularities;
37
Annual Report 2025-26
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 118STATUTORY REPORTS22CORPORATE OVERVIEW01

--- page 30 ---
 iv) they have prepared the annual accounts on a going concern basis;
 v)  they have laid down internal financial controls to be followed by the 
Company and that such internal financial controls are adequate and 
were operating effectively;
 vi)  they have devised proper systems to ensure compliance with the 
provisions of all applicable laws and such systems are adequate 
and are operating effectively.
 41.  COMPLIANCES OF APPLICABLE SECRETARIAL 
STANDARDS
  The Company has complied with the applicable Secretarial 
Standards, i.e. SS-1 and SS-2 issued by the Institute of Company 
Secretaries of India.
 42. ACKNOWLEDGEMENT
  Your Board is grateful for the continuous patronage of our valued 
customers and remains committed to serving their needs by 
delivering more style and comfort at every step. Our Board 
acknowledges and appreciates the relentless efforts by employees, 
workmen and staff including the Management headed by the 
Executive Directors who have all worked together as a team in 
achieving a commendable business performance year on year.
  Your Board wishes to place on record their appreciation for the 
co-operation and support received from the Banks, Government 
Authorities, Customers, Suppliers, BSE, NSE, CDSL, NSDL, Business 
Associates, Shareholders, Auditors, Financial Institutions and other 
individuals/ bodies for their continued co-operation and support.
  Your Board wishes to place on record its deep appreciation of 
the Independent Directors and the Non-Executive Directors of the 
Company for their great contribution by way of strategic guidance, 
sharing of knowledge, experience and wisdom, which helps your 
Company to take the right decisions in achieving its business goals 
and to maintain its position as one of the leading players in the 
Ramming Mass industry, in India and around the world.
  By the Order of Board of Directors
  For Raghav Productivity Enhancers Limited
  Sd/-
  Sanjay Kabra
 Date: June 01, 2026  (Chairman & Whole-Time Director)
Place: Jaipur DIN: 02552178
Raghav Productivity Enhancers Ltd.
38
Annual Report 2025-26

--- page 31 ---
Annexure-1
Form AOC-1
[Pursuant to first proviso to sub-section (3) of section 129 read with rule 5 of Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014]
Statement containing the salient features of the financial statement of Subsidiaries or Associate Companies or Joint Ventures
Part A: Subsidiaries
(` in Lakhs)
S. No. 1
Name of the subsidiary Raghav Productivity Solutions Private Limited
The date since when subsidiary was acquired 24/12/2020
Reporting Period for the subsidiary concerned As on March 31, 2026
Reporting currency and Exchange rate as on the last date of the relevant 
Financial year in the case of foreign subsidiaries
Not Applicable
Share capital 91.25
Reserves and surplus 10,648.41
Total assets 13,439.17
Total Liabilities 2,299.51
Investments 0.00
Turnover 14,275.62
Profit before taxation 3,647.72
Provision for taxation 623.26
Profit after taxation 3,024.46
Proposed Dividend ` 50/- per Equity Share
Extent of shareholding (in percentage) 100% (Wholly Owned Subsidiary)
Part B Associates and Joint Ventures: NIL
Statement pursuant to Section 129 (3) of the Companies Act, 2013 related to Associate Companies and Joint Ventures
For & on behalf of the Board of Directors
Raghav Productivity Enhancers Limited
Sd/-         Sd/-       Sd/-       Sd/-
SANJAY KABRA      RAJESH KABRA    DEEPAK JAJU    NEHA RATHI
(Chairman & Whole-Time Director)   (Managing Director)   (Chief Financial Officer)  (Company Secretary)
DIN: 02552178      DIN: 00935200
June 01, 2026, Jaipur
39
Annual Report 2025-26
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 118STATUTORY REPORTS22CORPORATE OVERVIEW01

--- page 32 ---
Annexure-2
To,
The Members,
Raghav Productivity Enhancers Limited
Office No. 36, 4th Floor, Alankar Plaza A-10,
Central Spine, Vidhyadhar Nagar Jaipur-302023 Rajasthan
Dear Sir/Madam,
Certificate on implementation of the Raghav Productivity Enhancers Limited Employee Stock Option Scheme 2018 (RPEL ESOP 
Scheme 2018) of Raghav Productivity Enhancers Limited
1.  We, the Secretarial Auditors of Raghav Productivity Enhancers Limited (“the Company”), are required to provide an annual certificate on the 
implementation of the ‘Raghav Productivity Enhancers Limited Employee Stock Option Scheme 2018’ (RPEL ESOP Scheme 2018), as approved 
by the shareholders by way of special resolution at the Extra Ordinary General Meeting (“EOGM”) held on May 01, 2018 and amended Employee 
Stock option Scheme 2018 approved by passing Special Resolution on April 03, 2024 by Postal Ballot, in accordance with the terms of the 
Raghav Productivity Enhancers Limited Employee Stock Option Scheme 2018 and with corresponding provisions of the SEBI (Share Based 
Employee Benefits and Sweat Equity) Regulations, 2021, (herein referred as “SEBI Regulations”), as amended from time to time, issued by the 
Securities and Exchange Board of India (“SEBI”).
Management’s Responsibility
2.  The Company’s management is responsible for compliance of conditions for implementation of RPEL ESOP Scheme 2018 in accordance with 
the SEBI Regulations and the resolution passed by the members of the Company. This responsibility includes the design, implementation and 
maintenance of RPEL ESOP Scheme 2018 relevant to the compliance of the conditions The Management’s responsibility includes collecting, 
collating and validating data and designing, implementing and monitoring of the process suitable for ensuring compliance of the RPEL ESOP 
Scheme 2018 with the above mentioned SEBI Regulations.
3.  Management is also responsible for maintaining the information and documents, which are required to be kept and maintained under the relevant 
laws and regulations and for providing all relevant information to the SEBI.
Auditors’ Responsibility
4.  Pursuant to the requirements of the Regulation 13 of the SEBI Regulations, we are required to certify, based on our work done, as to whether the 
implementation of RPEL ESOP Scheme 2018 is in accordance with the aforementioned SEBI Regulations.
Conclusion 
5.  Based on our verification of the Company’s books, papers, forms and returns filed and other records maintained by the company and also the 
information provided by the company, its officers, agents and authorized representatives, we certify that during the year ended March 31, 2026, 
the Company has implemented the RPEL ESOP Scheme 2018 in accordance with the SEBI Regulations and terms of the special resolution passed 
at the General Meetings of the Company. 
 For ARMS & Associates LLP
    Company Secretaries
  ICSI URN: P2011RJ023700
Date: May 18, 2026 PR 6756/2025
Place: Jaipur
UDIN: F010106H000392323 
 Sd/-
 Lata Gyanmalani
  Partner
 FCS 10106 CP No.9774
Raghav Productivity Enhancers Ltd.
40
Annual Report 2025-26

--- page 33 ---
Annexure-3
Form MR-3
[Pursuant to section 204(1) of the Companies Act, 2013 and Rule 9 of the Companies (Appointment and Remuneration Personnel) Rules, 2014]
SECRETARIAL AUDIT REPORT
FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31ST MARCH, 2026
To,
The Members,
Raghav Productivity Enhancers Limited
Office No. 36, 4th Floor, Alankar Plaza A-10,
Central Spine, Vidhyadhar Nagar Jaipur-302023 Rajasthan
We have conducted the Secretarial Audit of the compliance of 
applicable statutory provisions and the adherence to good corporate 
practices by Raghav Productivity Enhancers Limited (CIN 
L27109RJ2009PLC030511) (hereinafter called “the Company” ). 
Secretarial Audit was conducted in a manner that provided us a reasonable 
basis for evaluating the Corporate Conducts/ Statutory Compliances and 
expressing my opinion thereon.
Based on our verification of the company books, papers, minute books, 
forms and returns filed and other records maintained by the Company 
and also the information provided by the Company, its officers, agents 
and authorized representatives during the conduct of secretarial audit, we 
hereby report that in our opinion, the company has, during the audit period 
covering the financial year ended on March 31, 2026 (“ Audit Period”) 
complied with the statutory provisions listed hereunder and also that 
the Company has proper Board-processes and compliance-mechanism 
in place to the extent, in the manner and subject to the reporting 
made hereinafter:
We have examined the books, papers, minute books, forms and returns 
filed and other records maintained by the Company for the financial year 
ended on March 31, 2026 according to the provisions of:
i. The Companies Act, 2013 (the Act) and the rules made thereunder;
ii.  The Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act, 1956 (‘SCRA ’) and the 
rules made thereunder;
iii.  The Depositories Act, 1996 and the Regulations and Bye-laws 
framed thereunder;
iv.  Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 and the Rules and 
Regulations made thereunder to the extent of Foreign Direct 
Investment (FDI) and Overseas Direct Investment (ODI) and External 
Commercial Borrowings (ECB). Not Applicable to the Company 
during the audit period.
v.  The following Regulations and Guidelines prescribed under the 
Securities and Exchange Board of India Act, 1992 (‘SEBI Act’) -
  a.  The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Substantial 
Acquisition of Shares and Takeovers) Regulations, 2011;
  b.  The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Prohibition of 
Insider Trading) Regulations, 2015;
  c.  The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue of Capital 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2018 and 
amendments from time to time;
  d.  Securities and Exchange Board of India (Share Based 
Employee Benefits) Regulations, 2014 and Securities and 
Exchange Board of India (Share Based Employee Benefits 
and Sweat Equity) Regulations, 2021;
  e.  Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue and Listing of 
Debt Securities) Regulations, 2008 and The Securities and 
Exchange Board of India (Issue and Listing of Non-Convertible 
Securities) Regulations 2021; Not Applicable to the 
Company during the audit period.
  f.  The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Registrars to 
an Issue and Share Transfer Agents) Regulations, 1993, 
regarding the Companies Act and dealing with client;
  g.  The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Delisting 
of Equity Shares) Regulations, 2009 and The Securities 
and Exchange Board of India (Delisting of Equity Shares) 
Regulations, 2021; Not Applicable to the Company during 
the audit period.
  h.  The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Buyback 
of Securities) Regulations, 2018; Not Applicable to the 
Company during the audit period.
 i.  The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements), 2015.
41
Annual Report 2025-26
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 118STATUTORY REPORTS22CORPORATE OVERVIEW01

--- page 34 ---
vi.  As confirmed and certified by the management, there are no 
sector/industry specific laws that are applicable specifically 
to the company.
We have also examined compliance with the applicable clauses 
of the following:
i.  Secretarial Standards issued by The Institute of Company 
Secretaries of India.
ii.  The Listing Agreements entered into by the Company with 
Stock Exchange.
During the period under review the Company has complied with the 
provisions of the Act, Rules, Regulations, Guidelines, Standards, 
etc. mentioned.
We further report that:
The Board of Directors of the Company is duly constituted with proper 
balance of Executive Directors, Non-Executive Directors and Independent 
Directors. The changes in the composition of the Board of Directors that 
took place during the period under review were carried out in compliance 
with the provisions of the Act.
Adequate notice is given to all directors to schedule the Board Meetings, 
agenda and detailed notes on agenda were sent at least seven days 
in advance, and a system exists for seeking and obtaining further 
information and clarifications on the agenda items before the meeting 
and for meaningful participation at the meeting.
Majority decision is carried through while the dissenting members’ views 
are captured (if any) and recorded as part of the minutes.
We further report that there are adequate systems and processes in the 
Company commensurate with the size and operation of the Company to 
monitor and ensure compliance with applicable laws, rules, regulations 
and guidelines.
We further report that during the audit period, the company has:
i.  allotted 6,760 Equity Shares of ` 10/ each at a premium of 
`297.36/- pursuant to the Employee stock option Plan (ESOP).
 For ARMS & Associates LLP
    Company Secretaries
  ICSI URN: P2011RJ023700
Date: May 19, 2026 PR 6756/2025
Place: Jaipur
UDIN: F010106H000407030 
 Sd/-
  Lata Gyanmalani
Partner
FCS 10106 CP No.9774
This report is to be read with our letter of even date which is annexed as ‘Annexure –A’ and form an integral part of this report.
Raghav Productivity Enhancers Ltd.
42
Annual Report 2025-26

--- page 35 ---
Annexure – A
To,
The Members,
Raghav Productivity Enhancers Limited
Office No. 36, 4th Floor, Alankar Plaza A-10,
Central Spine, Vidhyadhar Nagar Jaipur-302023 Rajasthan
Our report of even date is to be read along with this letter:
1.  Maintenance of Secretarial records is the responsibility of the Management of the Company. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these 
Secretarial records based on our audit.
2.  We have followed the audit practices and processes as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about the correctness of the contents of 
the secretarial records. The verifications were done on test basis to ensure that correct facts are reflected in secretarial records. We believe that 
the processes and practices, we followed provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
3. We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of financial records and Books of Accounts of the company.
4.  Where ever required, we have obtained the Management Representation about the compliance of Laws, Rules and Regulations and 
happening of events etc.
5.  The compliance of the Provisions of Corporate and other applicable Laws, Rules, Regulations, standards is the responsibility of the Management. 
Our examination was limited to the verification of procedures on test basis.
6.  The Secretarial Audit Report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor of the efficiency or effectiveness with which the 
Management has conducted the affairs of the Company.
 For ARMS & Associates LLP
    Company Secretaries
  ICSI URN: P2011RJ023700
Date: May 19, 2026 PR 6756/2025
Place: Jaipur
UDIN: F010106H000407030 
 Sd/-
  Lata Gyanmalani
Partner
FCS 10106 CP No.9774
43
Annual Report 2025-26
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 118STATUTORY REPORTS22CORPORATE OVERVIEW01

--- page 36 ---
Annexure-4
1. BRIEF OUTINE OF CSR POLICY
  The Policy recognizes that Corporate Social Responsibility is not 
merely a compliance; it is a commitment to support initiatives that 
measurably improve the lives of underprivileged by one or more 
of the following focus areas as notified under Section 135 read 
with Schedule VII of the Companies Act 2013 and the Companies 
(Corporate Social Responsibility Policy) Rules 2014:
  •  Eradicating hunger, poverty, and malnutrition, promoting 
preventive health care and sanitation and making available 
safe drinking water;
  •  Promoting education, including special education and 
employment enhancing vocation skills especially among 
children, women, elderly, and the differently abled and 
livelihood enhancement projects;
  •  Promoting gender equality, empowering women, setting up 
homes and hostels for women and orphans; setting up old 
age homes, day care centers and such other facilities for 
senior citizens and measures for reducing inequalities faced 
by socially and economically backward groups;
  •  Ensuring environmental sustainability, ecological balance, 
protection of flora and fauna, animal welfare, agroforestry, 
conservation of natural resources and maintaining quality of 
soil, air, and water;
  •  Protection of national heritage, art, and culture including 
restoration of buildings and sites of historical importance 
and works of art; setting up public libraries; promotion and 
development of traditional arts and handicrafts:
  •  Measures for the benefit of armed forces veterans, war 
widows, and their dependents;
  •  Training to promote rural sports, nationally recognized 
sports, Paralympic sports and Olympic sports;
  •  Contribution to the Prime Minister’s National Relief Fund 
or any other fund set up by the Central Government for 
socio-economic development and relief and welfare of the 
Scheduled Caste, the Scheduled Tribes, other backward 
classes, minorities, and women;
  •  Contributions or funds provided to technology incubators 
located within academic institutions which are approved by 
the Central Government
  • Rural development projects.
  •  Any other Projects/activities the Government may add from 
time to time to the Schedule VII of the Companies Act, 2013 
or allow through clarifications/ Circulars.
•  Any ancillary or incidental activities required to be performed to 
undertake any of the projects mentioned above subject to the prior 
approval of the CSR Committee.
CSR activities shall be undertaken as projects, programs or activities 
(either new or ongoing) excluding activities undertaken in pursuance of 
the normal course of business of the Company.
ANNUAL REPORT ON CSR ACTIVITIES
2.  The Composition of the CSR Committee as on March 31, 
2026 is as under:
Sr. 
No.
Name of 
Director
Designation/ Nature 
of Directorship
No. of 
meetings 
of CSR 
Committee 
held during 
the year
Number of 
meetings 
of CSR 
Committee 
attended 
during year
1 Govind 
Saboo
Chairman, Non-
Executive Independent 
Director
1 1
2 Sanjay 
Kabra
Member, Whole-Time 
Director
1 1
3 Rajesh 
Kabra
Member, Managing 
Director
1 1
3.   Web-link where Composition of CSR committee, CSR Policy and 
CSR projects approved by the board are disclosed on the website 
of the company: http://www.rammingmass.com
4.   Provide the details of Impact assessment of CSR projects carried out 
in pursuance of sub-rule (3) of rule 8 of the Companies (Corporate 
Social responsibility Policy) Rules, 2014: Not Applicable
5.  (a)   Average net profit of the company as per Section 135(5): 
` 3,247.32 Lakhs
 (b)   Two percent of average net profit of the company as per 
section 135(5): ` 64.95 Lakhs
   © Surplus arising out of the CSR projects or programmes or 
activities of the previous financial years: NIL
 (d)  Amount required to be set off for the financial year, if any: NIL
   € Total CSR obligation for the financial year 
(5a+5b-5c): ` 64.95 Lakhs
6.   (a)   Amount spent on CSR Projects (both Ongoing Project and 
other than Ongoing Project).
 •  Details of CSR amount spent against ongoing projects for the 
financial year: Nil
 •  Details of CSR amount spent against other than ongoing 
projects for the financial year:
Raghav Productivity Enhancers Ltd.
44
Annual Report 2025-26

--- page 37 ---
(Amount in Lakhs)
(1) (2) (3) (4) (5) (6) (7) (8) (9) (10) (11)
Sr. 
No.
Name of the 
project
Item from 
the list of 
activities in 
Schedule VII
Local 
area
(Yes/
No)
Location of the 
project
Project 
Duration
Amount 
allocated 
for the 
project
(in `)
Amount 
spent 
in the 
current 
financial 
year 
(in `)
Amount 
transferred 
to unspent 
CSR Account 
for the 
project as 
per section 
135(6)
(in `)
Mode of 
Impleme-
ntation Direct
(Yes/No)
Mode of Implementation 
Agency
State District Name CSR 
Registration 
Number
1 Education Promoting 
Education
Yes Rajasthan Jaipur 1 year 11.00 10.43 N.A. No Dakshiva 
Welfare 
Foundation
CSR00026307
2 Women 
Empowerment 
and Hygiene 
Awareness
Promoting 
Women 
Empowerment 
and Hygiene 
Awareness
Yes Rajasthan Jaipur 1 year 5.60 5.60 N.A. No Dakshiva 
Welfare 
Foundation
CSR00026307
3 Heath 
Awareness
Promoting 
Health 
Awareness
Yes Rajasthan Jaipur 1 year 6.00 5.97 N.A. No Dakshiva 
Welfare 
Foundation
CSR00026307
4. Education Promoting 
Education
Yes Rajasthan Jaipur 1 year 16.25 16.25 N.A. No Jan Jagriti 
Sevarth 
Sansthan
CSR00006903
5. Annadaan Eradication of 
Hunger and 
environment 
protection
No Rajasthan Jaipur 1 Year 26.75 26.75 N.A. No Sahaj Seva 
Sansthan
CSR00011654
65.00
 (b)  Amount spent in Administrative overheads. : Nil
 (c)  Amount spent on Impact Assessment, if applicable: Nil
 (d)  Total amount spent for the Financial Year [(a)+(b)+(c)]
 (e)  CSR amount spent or unspent for the Financial Year:
Total Amount spent for the 
financial year (In ` Lakhs)
Amount Unspent (in ` )
Total amount transferred to unspent 
CSR Account as per section 135(6)
Amount transferred to any fund specified under schedule 
VII as per second proviso to section 135(5)
2025-26 Amount Date of Transfer Name of the fund Amount Date of Transfer
65.00 NIL NA NA NIL NA
 (f)  Excess amount for set-off, if any: Nil
Sl. No. Particular Amount (in Lakhs)
(1) (2) (3)
(I) Two percent of average net profit of the company as per section135(5) ` 64.95
(II) Total amount spent for the Financial Year ` 65.00
(III) Excess amount spent for the financial year [(ii)-(i)] ` 0.05
(IV) Surplus arising out of the CSR projects or programmes or activities of the previous financial years, if any `0.03
(V) Amount available for set off in succeeding financial years [(iii)-(iv)] `0.08
   Note: Excess amount of `0.03 Lakhs pertaining to F .Y . 2024-25 and `0.05 Lakhs pertaining to F .Y . 2025-26 shall be available for set-off in 
the subsequent years. 
7.  Details of Unspent Corporate Social Responsibility amount for the preceding three Financial Years: Nil
8.  Whether any capital assets have been created or acquired through Corporate Social Responsibility amount spent in the Financial Year: NA
9.  Specify the reason(s), if the company has failed to spend two per cent of the average net profit as per sub-section (5) of section 135.: NA
           Sd/-        Sd/-
           Sanjay Kabra     Govind Saboo
           (Chairman & Whole-Time Director)  Chairman (CSR Committee)
June 01, 2026, Jaipur        DIN: 02552178     DIN: 06724172
45
Annual Report 2025-26
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 118STATUTORY REPORTS22CORPORATE OVERVIEW01

--- page 38 ---
Analysis of Managerial Remuneration
Pursuant to Section 197(12) of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Rule 5(1) of the Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial 
Personnel) Rules, 2014 as amended the statistical analysis of the remuneration paid to Directors and Key Managerial Personnel (KMP) as against the 
other employees of the company and with respect to the performance of the company (PAT) is given below:
1.  The percentage increase in the remuneration of each director and the ratio of the remuneration of each director to the median remuneration of the 
employees of the Company for the financial year 2025-26:
Name of the Director Ratio of remuneration to median employee of 
the company *
Percentage (%) increase in the remuneration 
for the Financial Year 2025-26 as compared to 
previous year remuneration
Mr. Rajesh Kabra 28:1 4.00
Mr. Sanjay Kabra 27:1 -
Mrs. Krishna Kabra - -
 *Median Remuneration of the Employees of the Company being to be ` 2,64,000 /-  
2. The percentage increase in remuneration of following Key Managerial Personnel (KMP), if any, in the financial year 2025-26
Name of the KMP Designation Percentage increase in the remuneration for the Financial 
Year 2025-26 as compared to previous year remuneration
Mr. Deepak Jaju Chief Financial Officer -
CS Neha Rathi Company Secretary 10%
3. The percentage increase in the median remuneration of the employees in the financial year 2025-26: 0.05
4. The number of permanent employees on the rolls of the company as on March 31, 2026: 59
5.  Average percentile increase already made in the salaried of the employees other than the Managerial Personnel in the last Financial Year and 
its comparison with the percentile increase in Managerial Remuneration and justification thereof and point out if there are any exceptional 
circumstances for increase in Managerial Remuneration:
Average % increase in the salary of employees other than managerial Personnel : 2026: 5%
2025: 10%
Average % increase in the salary Managerial Personnel : 2026: 5%
2025: 10%
6. It is hereby affirmed that the remuneration paid to employees during the year is as per the Remuneration Policy of the Company.
By the Order of Board of Directors
for Raghav Productivity Enhancers Limited
Sd/-
Sanjay Kabra
Date: June 01, 2026  (Chairman & Whole Time Director)
Place: Jaipur  DIN: 02552178
Annexure-5
Raghav Productivity Enhancers Ltd.
46
Annual Report 2025-26

--- page 39 ---
ANNEXURE TO DIRECTOR’S REPORT
Particulars as prescribed under Section 134(3) (m) of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Rule 8 of Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014 and forming 
part of the Directors’ Report for the year ended March 31, 2026.
I. CONSERVATION OF ENERGY
(a) Energy Conservation measures taken:
  Raghav Productivity Enhancers Limited (RPEL) remains 
committed to sustainable manufacturing and responsible resource 
management, with conservation of energy being one of its key 
focus areas. The Company continuously undertakes initiatives 
across its manufacturing units to reduce its energy footprint, 
optimize operational efficiency, and promote environmentally 
responsible growth.
  Multiple initiatives like installation of rooftop solar, etc. 
have significantly contributed towards optimizing power 
consumption while enhancing production efficiency. In addition 
to energy savings, the measures have also resulted in lower 
maintenance costs and improved operational reliability.
  Through these focused efforts, RPEL continues to strengthen its 
commitment towards building a greener and more sustainable future.
(b)  Additional investments and proposals, if any, being implemented 
for reduction of consumption of energy:
  Company is always making constant efforts to locate all the 
possible areas where additional investment can be considered for 
conservation of energy.
(c) Impact of above measures:
  The above initiatives have contributed significantly towards 
environmental protection through efficient utilization of energy 
resources and reduction in overall power consumption. 
These measures have enabled the Company to lower its energy 
footprint while promoting sustainable manufacturing practices. 
In addition, the reduction in energy consumption has led to 
optimized operational efficiency, resulting in lower production costs 
and improved cost-effectiveness in the manufacturing process.
(d)  Total energy consumption and energy consumption per unit of production: As per Form ‘A’ below.
 “FORM A”
 DISCLOSURE OF PARTICULARS WITH RESPECT
 TO CONSUMPTION OF ENERGY
Particulars Current Year  
(2025-26)
Previous Year  
(2024-25)
A.  Power & Fuel Consumption
  1. ELECTRICITY
     (a) Purchased
          - Unit (in lacs) 27.81 23.39
          - Total Amount (` in lacs) 269.04 233.87
          - Rate (`/ Unit) 9.67 9.99
  (b) Own Generation
   - Cost (`/ Unit) Nil Nil
B. Consumption Per Unit Of Production
 1. Electricity (Unit/ Tonn.) NIL NIL
  - Quartz/Ramming Mass( ` in lacs) 269.04 233.87
II. TECHNOLOGY ABSORPTION
 “FORM B”
  Disclosure of Particulars With Respect to Absorption, Research and Development (R&D)
· Research & Development:
(a)  Specific areas in which R & D is proposed to be carried out by the Company:
  The Research & Development (R&D) activities of the Company are primarily focused on enhancing and improving the performance and quality 
of its existing variants of silica ramming mass. Building on its core competencies in silica processing, the Company is actively undertaking 
focused research to develop niche products for high-value silica-based industries such as semiconductor crucibles and artificial marble. 
These initiatives aim to strengthen product efficiency, expand the product portfolio, and create long-term value through technologically advanced 
and sustainable solutions.
Annexure-6
47
Annual Report 2025-26
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 118STATUTORY REPORTS22CORPORATE OVERVIEW01

--- page 40 ---
(b) Benefits derived:
  By virtue of its continuous Research & Development efforts, the Company has been able to significantly enhance the quality and performance of 
its products, resulting in improved operational efficiency at the customer end. The superior quality of the Company’s products contributes towards 
lower energy consumption, increased cost savings, and more sustainable steel manufacturing processes.
  The recognition of the Company’s in-house R&D Centre stands as a testament to its sustained investment in innovation and technological 
advancement. Through state-of-the-art technology and continuous product development, the Company has successfully introduced premium 
silica ramming mass solutions that embody the philosophy of “More with Less.” These advanced products enable steel plants to consume lower 
quantities of ramming mass while achieving higher steel productivity, thereby optimizing resource utilization and supporting environmentally 
responsible industrial operations.
(c) Future plan of action:
  Our efforts are focused towards further increasing the quality and efficiency of making Ramming Mass & Tundish Board and also making the 
factory fully solar panel unit for energy consumption.
(d) Expenditure on R&D:
 (a) Capital (if any)          :  0.00
 (b) Recurring R&D Expenditure        :  ` 86.11 Lakhs
 (c) Total R & D Expenditure as a Percentage of total turnover   :  0.75%
· Technology Absorption, Adaption And Innovation:
(a) Efforts made:
  The Company’s indigenously developed manufacturing process has been granted a patent by the Government of India, reflecting its strong focus 
on innovation and technological excellence. The Company continues to invest in automation and modernization of its manufacturing workflows 
with the objective of enhancing operational efficiency and strengthening sustainable manufacturing practices. These initiatives are aimed at 
optimizing production processes, minimizing wastage, improving resource utilization, and delivering consistent product quality.
(b) Benefits:
  As a result of these initiatives, the Company has been able to significantly improve the quality and consistency of its products. The adoption of 
upgraded technology and automated machinery has also reduced dependency on manual labour, leading to enhanced operational efficiency, lower 
process-related errors, improved productivity, and optimized manufacturing costs.
(c) Technology Imported: Nil
III. FOREIGN EXCHANGE EARNINGS& OUT GO:
  The Foreign Exchange earned in terms of actual inflows during the Financial Year 2025-26: ` 4777.70 Lakhs.
  The Foreign Exchange outgo in terms of actual outflows during the Financial Year 2025-26: ` 1711.32 Lakhs.
  By the Order of Board of Directors
 for Raghav Productivity Enhancers Limited
Sd/-
Sanjay Kabra
Date: June 01, 2026  (Chairman & Whole-Time Director)
Place: Jaipur  DIN: 02552178
Raghav Productivity Enhancers Ltd.
48
Annual Report 2025-26

--- page 41 ---
REPORT ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE  
COMPANY’S PHILOSOPHY ON CODE OF GOVERNANCE
Corporate Governance is an ethically driven business process that is 
committed to values and conduct aimed at enhancing an organization’s 
wealth generating capacity. This is ensured by taking ethical business 
decisions and conducting the business with a firm commitment to 
values, while meeting stakeholders’ expectations. Raghav Productivity 
Enhancers Limited (hereinafter referred to as ‘Raghav’ ) is fully 
committed to practicing sound corporate governance and upholding the 
highest business standards in conducting business. Being a value-driven 
organization, the Company has always worked towards building 
trust with shareholders, employees, customers, suppliers and other 
stakeholders based on the principles of good corporate governance, viz., 
integrity, equity, transparency, fairness, disclosure, accountability and 
commitment to values.
Our corporate governance framework ensures that we make timely 
disclosures and share accurate information regarding our financials 
and performance, as well as disclosures related to the leadership and 
governance of the Company.
The Company is in compliance with the requirements stipulated under 
Regulation 17 to 27 read with Schedule V and clauses (b) to (i) of 
sub-regulation (2) of Regulation 46 of Securities and Exchange Board 
of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015, hereinafter called “the Listing Regulations” as applicable, 
with regard to corporate governance and also the Guidance Note on 
Board Evaluation as prescribed by the Securities and Exchange Board 
of India (SEBI).
BOARD COMPOSITION AND CATEGORY OF DIRECTORS:
The Board plays crucial role in overseeing how the management serves 
the short and long term interests of shareholders and other stakeholders. 
This belief is reflected in our governance practices, under which we strive 
to maintain an effective, informed and independent Board of Directors 
and keep our governance practices under continuous review.
As on March 31, 2026, the total Board strength comprises of 7 Directors 
out of which 2 Directors are Executive - Non Independent Directors, 
1 Director is Non-Executive - Non Independent Directors and 4 are 
Non-Executive - Independent Directors. The Company’s Board Members 
are from diverse backgrounds with skills and experience in critical areas 
like Marketing, Banking, Finance & Taxation, Economics, Law, Governance 
etc. Further, all Independent Directors are persons of eminence and bring 
a wide range of expertise and experience to the board thereby ensuring 
the best interests of stakeholders and the Company. They take active part 
at the Board and Committee Meetings by providing valuable guidance 
to the management on various aspects of Business, Policy Direction, 
Governance, Compliance etc. and play critical role on issues, which 
enhances the transparency and add value in the decision making process 
of the Board of Directors.
The composition of the Board also complies with the provisions of 
the Companies Act, 2013 and Regulation 17(1), 17(1)(a) and 17(1)
(c) of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015(hereinafter referred to as 
SEBI Regulations). The Board reviews its strength and composition from 
time to time to ensure that it remains aligned with the statutory, as well as 
business requirements. Further in the opinion of Board, the Independent 
Directors fulfill the conditions specified in SEBI Regulations as amended 
from time to time and are independent of management.
The details of composition of the Board as on March 31, 2026 along with the attendance record of the Directors at the Board Meetings and General 
Meeting held during the financial year 2025-2026, also the number of Directorships, Committee Chairmanships and Memberships held by them in other 
Companies are given herein below:
Name Category Designation Number of Directorships in other 
companies#
No. of committee positions in 
other public companies
Chairperson Member
Mr. Rajesh Kabra Promoter & Executive 
Director
Managing 
Director
1.  Raghav Productivity Solutions Private 
Limited
Nil Nil
Mr. Sanjay Kabra Promoter & Executive 
Director
Chairman & 
Whole Time 
Director
1.  Raghav Productivity Solutions Private 
Limited
Nil Nil
Mrs. Krishna Kabra Promoter & Non 
-Executive Director
Director Nil Nil Nil
Mr. Amar Lal Daultani Non-Executive and 
Independent Director
Director 1. SK Finance Limited 1 2
Mr. Govind Saboo Non-Executive and 
Independent Director
Director 1. Capital Trust Limited
2. Artha Sarathi India Private Limited
3.  Raghav Productivity Solutions Private 
Limited
4. Bella Casa Fashion & Retail Limited
2 3
49
Annual Report 2025-26
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 118STATUTORY REPORTS22CORPORATE OVERVIEW01

--- page 42 ---
1.  All Director of the company have attended the 16th Annual General 
Meeting of the Company held on August 25, 2025.
2.  There is no inter-se relation between the Board members except 
Mr. Rajesh Kabra, Managing Director and Mr. Sanjay Kabra, 
Chairman & Whole-time Director of the Company who are brothers 
and the son of Mrs. Krishna Kabra, Director of the Company.
3.  Non-executive Independent Directors of the company do not 
hold shares more than 2% of total capital of the company as on 
March 31, 2026.
4.  Mr. Govind Saboo Non-Executive & Independent Directors of the 
company holds 79230/ - Equity Shares of the company which 
are under the prescribed limit of the Companies Act, 2013 and 
Regulation 17 of SEBI Regulations.
5.  Mr. Govind Saboo, Independent Director of the Company, holds 
the following directorships and committee positions in other 
listed entities:
 ·  Capital Trust Limited (Listed on BSE and NSE)
     a. Independent Director
     b. Chairperson of the Audit Committee
     c. Chairperson of the Stakeholders Relationship Committee
 · Bella Casa Fashion & Retail Limited (Listed on BSE and NSE)
     a. Independent Director
     b. Member of the Audit Committee
6.  Mr. Amar Lal Daultani, Independent Director of the Company is also 
an Independent Director of SK finance Limited which is Debt listed 
Company on BSE Ltd. He also holds the position of member of 
Audit Committee in SK Finance Limited and Chairperson/member of 
Stakeholder Relationship Committee.
7.   Mr. Hemant Nerurkar Madhusudan, Independent Director of the 
Company, holds the following directorships and committee positions 
in other listed entities:
  · Adani Energy Solutions Limited (Listed on BSE and NSE)
     o Independent Director
     o Chairperson of the Audit Committee
     o Chairperson of the Stakeholders Relationship Committee
  · Igarashi Motors India Limited (Listed on BSE and NSE)
     o Non-Executive, Non-Independent Director
     o Member of the Audit Committee
   o Member of the Stakeholders Relationship Committee
8.  Mrs. Rajni Sekhri Sibal, Independent Director of the Company, 
holds the following directorships and committee positions in other 
listed entities
 ·  Star Health and Allied Insurance Company Limited (Listed 
on BSE and NSE)
     a. Independent Director
     b. Member of the Audit Committee
     c. Member of the Stakeholders Relationship Committee
 · Birla Corporation Limited (Listed on BSE and NSE)
  Independent Director
Name Category Designation Number of Directorships in other 
companies#
No. of committee positions in 
other public companies
Chairperson Member
Mr. Hemant Nerurkar 
Madhusudan
Non-Executive and 
Independent Director
Director 1. DFM Foods Limited
2. Igarashi Motors India Limited
3. TRL Krosaki Refractroies Limited
4. Mumbai International Airport Limited
5.  Navi Mumbai International Airport 
Private Limited
6. Adani Energy Solutions Limited
7.  Trust Assest Management Private 
Limited
8.  Adani Enterprises Limited
(Ceased w.e.f 09/08/2025)
2 4
Mrs. Rajni Sekhri Sibal Non-Executive and 
Independent Director
Director 1. GKN Driveline (India) Limited
2.  Star Health and Allied Insurance 
Company Limited
3. Birla Corporation Limited
4.  Aviva Life Insurance Company India 
Limited
5.  MMK Toll Road Private Limited
6.   International Centre For Research in 
Women
7.  PAYTM Payments Bank Limited
(Ceased w.e.f. 07/10/2025)
0 2
#It includes Private Limited and Public Limited Companies.
# Committee includes Audit and Stakeholder Relationship Committee of Public limited Listed Company
Raghav Productivity Enhancers Ltd.
50
Annual Report 2025-26

--- page 43 ---
9.  In the opinion of the Board, the Independent Directors fulfill the 
conditions specified in the Companies Act, 2013, SEBI Regulations 
and are independent of the management.
Skills/Expertise/Competence of the Board of Directors
As per the sub clause ‘h’ of clause 2 of part C of Schedule V of SEBI 
Regulations the Board has identified the following list of core skills/ 
expertise/ competencies required in the context of the Company’s 
business which are available with the Board:
• Understanding of Business/Industry
• Strategy and strategic planning
• Critical and innovative thoughts
• Financial Understanding
• Market Understanding
• Risk and compliance oversight
Name of the 
Director
Area of Expertise
Mr. Rajesh Kabra Understanding of Business/Industry, Strategy 
and strategic planning, Critical and innovative 
thoughts, Financial Understanding, Market 
Understanding, Risk and compliance oversight.
Mr. Sanjay Kabra Understanding of overall expansion, 
management and manufacturing process, 
Market Understanding, Risk and compliance 
oversight.
Mrs. Krishna Kabra Understanding Strategy and strategic planning.
Name of the 
Director
Area of Expertise
Mr. Amar Lal Daultani With Independent overview of Banking Sector 
knowledge to strengthen the company overall 
growth.
Mr. Govind Saboo With Independent overview of Market& 
financial knowledge strengthen the company 
overall growth.
Mr. Hemant Nerurkar 
Madhusudan
With Independent overview of Market & vast 
knowledge of steel industries strengthen the 
company overall growth.
Mrs. Rajni Sekhri Sibal With Independent overview of Market & 
regulatory compliances knowledge strengthen 
the company overall growth.
CODE OF BUSINESS CONDUCT AND ETHICS FOR DIRECTORS 
AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT
The code of conduct has been circulated to all the members of the 
Board and Senior Management Personnel and they have affirmed their 
compliance with the said code of conduct for the financial year ended on 
March 31, 2026. The code of conduct has been posted on the Company’s 
website: https://www.rammingmass.com/our-policies.php#investor-tab
This code ensures compliance with the provisions of Regulation 27 of the 
SEBI Regulations. A declaration to this effect signed by Mr. Rajesh Kabra, 
Managing Director and Mr. Deepak Jaju, Chief Financial Officer of the 
Company stating that the members of Board of Directors and Senior 
Management Personnel have affirmed compliance with the code of 
conduct of Board of Directors and senior management is annexed as 
Annexure A to the Corporate Governance Report.
BOARD MEETING
Dates for the Board Meetings are decided well in advance and communicated to the Directors. Board Meetings were held at the Registered Office of the 
Company. The Agenda along with the explanatory notes are sent in advance to the Directors. Additional meetings of the Board to address specific needs 
of the Company are held as and when deemed necessary by the Board. In case of any exigency/ emergency, resolutions are passed by circulation.
The intervening period between two Board meetings is well within the maximum gap as prescribed under Regulation 17(2) of SEBI Regulations, 
Companies Act, 2013 and Secretarial Standard 1 issued by ICSI. The Board periodically reviews compliance reports of all laws applicable to the 
Company. Steps are taken by the Company to rectify instances of non-compliance, if any. The date of the Board meetings and attendance of Directors 
there at are as follows:
Date of Board Meetings 
and Attendance there at
Name of Directors
Mr. Rajesh 
Kabra
Mr. Sanjay 
Kabra
Mrs. Krishna 
Kabra
*Mr. Praveen 
Totla
Mr. Amar Lal 
Daultani
Mr. Govind 
Saboo
Mr. Hemant 
Nerurkar 
Madhusudan
Mrs. Rajni 
Sekhri Sibal
30/04/2025   X     
21/07/2025   X X    
27/10/2025   X X    
13/01/2026    N.A.    
*Mr. Praveen Totla ceased to be Director w.e.f December 1, 2025
51
Annual Report 2025-26
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 118STATUTORY REPORTS22CORPORATE OVERVIEW01

--- page 44 ---
MEETING OF INDEPENDENT DIRECTORS
In compliance of Section 149 of Companies Act, 2013 read with SEBI 
Regulations, a separate meeting of Independent Directors was held on 
April 30, 2025 & March 17, 2026 inter alia, to discuss:
•  Review of the performance of Non-Independent Directors and the 
Board of Directors as a whole.
•  Review of the performance of the Chairman of the Company taking 
into account the views of the Executive and Non-Executive Directors.
•  Assess the quality, content and timeliness of flow of information 
between the management and the Board that is necessary for the 
Board to effectively and reasonably perform their duties.
Attendance of Independent Directors at the meeting is given hereunder:
Name of director Attendance there at
April 30, 2025 March 17, 2026
Mr. Amar Lal Daultani  
Mr. Govind Saboo  
Mr. Praveen Totla  N.A.
Mr. Hemant Nerurkar 
Madhusudan
 X
Mrs. Rajni Sekhri Sibal  
*Mr. Praveen Totla ceased to be Director w.e.f December 1, 2025
Familiarization Programme
The Company has Familiarization Program for Independent Directors to 
familiarize them with regard to their roles, rights, responsibilities in the 
Company, along with industry, business operations, business model, code 
of conduct and policies of the Company etc. The Familiarization Program 
has been disclosed on the website of the Company. The company’s 
policy on familiarization programme is available on following web link: 
https://www.rammingmass.com/our-policies.php#investor-tab
BOARD COMMITTEES
The Board has four Committees namely Audit Committee, Nomination and 
Remuneration Committee, Corporate Social Responsibility Committee 
and Stakeholders Relationship Committee.
AUDIT COMMITTEE
The Committee is governed by, in line with the regulatory requirements 
mandated by the Companies Act, 2013 and Regulation 18 of the SEBI 
Regulations. The primary objective of the Committee is to monitor and 
provide an effective supervision of the management’s financial reporting 
process, to ensure accurate and timely disclosures, with the highest 
level of transparency, integrity and quality of financial reporting. The brief 
description of terms of reference of the Audit Committee, inter alia, 
includes the following:
1.  Overview of the Company’s financial reporting process and the 
disclosure of its financial information to ensure that the financial 
statements reflect a true and fair position as well as to ensure that 
correct, sufficient and credible information are disclosed;
2.  Recommending to the Board the appointment, re-appointment and 
replacement/removal of Statutory Auditor and fixation of audit fee 
and payment of any other service;
3.  Reviewing with Management, the annual financial statements 
before submission to the Board for approval, focusing primarily on:
  a.  Matters required being included in the Directors’ Responsibility 
Statement included in the report of the Board of Directors.
  b.  Any changes in accounting policies and practices thereof and 
reasons for the same.
  c.  Major accounting entries involving estimates based on the 
exercise of judgment by management.
  d.  Significant adjustments made in the financial statements 
arising out of Audit findings.
  e.  Compliance with Stock Exchange and other legal requirements 
concerning financial statements.
  f. Disclosure of related party transactions.
  g.  The going concern assumption and compliance with 
Accounting Standards.
  h. Qualifications in draft audit report.
4.  The Audit Committee shall have authority to investigate into any 
matter in relation to the items specified in section 177(4) of 
Companies Act, 2013 or referred to it by the Board and for this 
purpose shall have power to obtain professional advice from 
external sources and have full access to information contained in 
the records of the Company;
5. To seek information from any employee;
6. To obtain outside legal and professional advice;
7.  To seek approval or any subsequent modification of transactions of 
the company with related parties;
8.  Reviewing, with the management, the quarterly financial statements 
before submission to the board for approval;
9.  Reviewing with the management, the statement of uses/ application 
of funds raised through an issue i.e. public issue, rights issue, 
preferential issue, etc.;
10.  Reviewing, with the management, performance of Statutory and 
Internal Auditors, and adequacy of the Internal Control Systems;
11.  Reviewing the adequacy of internal audit function, if any, including 
the structure of the internal audit department, staffing and seniority 
of the official heading the department, reporting structure coverage 
and frequency of internal audit;
12.  Discussion with Internal Auditors on any significant findings and 
follow up there on;
Raghav Productivity Enhancers Ltd.
52
Annual Report 2025-26

--- page 45 ---
13.  Reviewing the findings of any internal investigations by the Internal 
Auditors into matters where there is suspected fraud or irregularity 
or a failure of Internal Control Systems of a material nature and 
reporting the matter to the board;
14.  Discussion with Statutory Auditors before the audit commences, 
about the nature and scope of audit as well as post-audit discussion 
to ascertain any area of concern;
15.  To review the functioning of the Whistle Blower mechanism, in case 
the same is existing;
16.  Approval of appointment of CFO after assessing the qualifications, 
experience & background, etc. of the candidate;
17.  Reviewing the utilization of loans and/or advances from/investment 
by the holding company in the subsidiary exceeding rupees 100 
crore or 10% of the asset size of the subsidiary, whichever is lower 
including existing loans/ advances/ investments existing as on the 
date of coming into force of this provision;
18.  Review the management discussion and analysis of financial 
condition and results of operations;
19.  Review the statement of significant related party transactions (as 
defined by the Audit Committee), submitted by management;
20.  Review the management letters/letters of internal control 
weaknesses issued by the Statutory Auditors;
21.  Review the Internal Audit reports relating to internal control 
weaknesses; and The appointment, removal and terms of 
remunerations of the Chief Internal Auditor shall be subject to 
review by the Audit Committee;
22. Review the:
  a.  Quarterly statement of deviation(s) including report of 
monitoring agency, if applicable, submitted to stock 
exchange(s) in terms of Regulation 32(1);
  b.  Annual statement of funds utilized for purposes other than 
those stated in the offer document/ prospectus/ notice in 
terms of Regulation 32(7).
23.  Carrying out any other function as is mentioned in the terms of 
reference of the Audit Committee.
  The Audit Committee of the Company comprises of two 
Non-Executive and Independent Directors and one Executive 
Director and is constituted in accordance with the requirements of 
the SEBI Regulations read with the Companies Act 2013. All the 
members of the committee are financially literate and possess 
thorough knowledge of accounting principles.
  Composition and Attendance:
  The Committee’s Composition is in line with the requirements of 
section 177 of the Companies Act, 2013 and Regulation 18 of the 
SEBI Regulations.
  The Statutory Auditors and Internal Auditors are invited to the Audit 
Committee Meetings to discuss with Directors the scope of audit, 
their comments, and to discuss the Audit Reports. Minutes of 
the Audit Committee Meetings are circulated to all the Members 
of the Audit Committee and thereafter discussed and noted at the 
subsequent Board Meetings.
 The Company Secretary acts as Secretary to the Committee.
Name of Committee 
Members
Designation/ Category Attendance of the members at the Committee Meetings
April 30, 2025 July 21, 2025 October 27, 2025 January 13, 2026
Mr. Govind Saboo Non-Executive Independent 
Director; Chairman
   
Mr. Sanjay Kabra Executive Director; Member    
*Mr. Hemant Nerurkar 
Madhusudan
Non-Executive Independent 
Director; Member
N.A. N.A. N.A. 
*Mr. Praveen Totla Non-Executive Independent 
Director; Member
   N.A.
  *Mr. Hemant Nerurkar Madhusudan appointed as member of Committee w.e.f November 29, 2025 and Mr. Praveen Totla ceased to be member w.e.f 
December 1, 2025
  The intervening period between two Audit Committee meetings is well within the maximum gap of one hundred and twenty days as prescribed 
under Regulation 18(2)(a) of SEBI Regulations.
NOMINATION & REMUNERATION COMMITTEE
The Committee’s constitution and terms of reference are in compliance 
with provisions of the section 178 of the Companies Act, 2013 
and Regulation 19 of the SEBI Regulations. The Nomination and 
Remuneration Committee reviews and recommends the payment of 
salaries, commission and finalizes appointment and other employment 
conditions of Directors, Key Managerial Personnel and other Senior 
Employees. The brief description of terms of reference of the Nomination 
& Remuneration Committee, inter alia, includes the following:
1.  Formulation of the criteria for determining qualifications, positive 
attributes and independence of a director and recommend to the 
board of directors a policy relating to, the remuneration of the 
directors, key managerial personnel and other employees;
53
Annual Report 2025-26
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 118STATUTORY REPORTS22CORPORATE OVERVIEW01

--- page 46 ---
2.  Formulation of criteria for evaluation of performance of independent 
directors and the board of directors;
3. Devising a policy on diversity of Board of Directors;
4.  Identifying persons who are qualified to become Directors and who 
may be appointed in Senior Management in accordance with the 
criteria laid down, and recommend to the Board of Directors their 
appointment and removal;
5.  Whether to extend or continue the term of appointment of the 
Independent Director, on the basis of the report of performance 
evaluation of Independent Directors;
6.  Recommended to the Board, all remuneration, in whatever form, 
payable to Senior Management;
7.  Such other matters as the Board may from time to time request 
the Nomination and Remuneration Committee to examine and 
recommend/ approve;
8.  Any other work and policy, related and incidental to the objectives 
of the Committee as per provisions of the Act and rules made 
there-under and the SEBI Regulations.
 Composition and Attendance:
Name of Committee 
Members
Designation/ Category Attendance of the members at the Committee 
Meeting
July 21, 2025 October 27, 2025
Mr. Amar Lal Daultani Non-Executive Independent Director; Chairman (w.e.f 
November 29, 2025)
N.A. N.A.
Mr. Govind Saboo Non-Executive Independent Director;
(Chairman of both meetings and his designation changed to 
Member w.e.f November 29, 2025
 
Mr. Hemant Nerurkar 
Madhusudan
Non-Executive Independent Director; Member  X
Mr. Praveen Totla Non-Executive Independent Director; Member X 
  *Mr. Amar Lal Daultani appointed as member & Chairperson of Committee w.e.f November 29, 2025 and Mr. Praveen Totla ceased to be member w.e.f 
December 1, 2025.
 The Company Secretary acts as Secretary to the Committee.
  Details of Remuneration paid to Directors during Financial Year 2025-2026
  During the year, the Company has paid remuneration/Sitting fees as mentioned below:
(Amount in ` Lakhs)
Name of the Director Designation Salary and 
allowances/Sitting 
Fees
Fixed component & 
performance linked 
incentives, along with 
performance criteria
Stock option 
details, if any
Total
Mr. Sanjay Kabra Chairman & Whole-
Time Director
52.50 - - 52.50
Mr. Rajesh Kabra Managing Director 75.00 - - 75.00
Mr. Amar Lal Daultani Independent Director 4.00 - - 4.00
Rajni Sekhri Sibal Independent Director 3.75 - - 3.75
 Notes:
  a)  The Company does not have any pecuniary relationship with any Non-Executive Independent Director except for reimbursement of traveling 
expenses to the Directors for attending Board Meeting. No sitting fees paid to the Executive directors for attending the meetings of Board/
Committee of Directors.
  b) None of the Non-executive Directors of the company have any equity shares of the Company more than 2% of capital of the Company.
  c)  The company has issued memorandum of terms and conditions of appointment including remuneration to Managing Director and 
Whole-Time Director of the Company.
Raghav Productivity Enhancers Ltd.
54
Annual Report 2025-26

--- page 47 ---
  Criteria for performance evaluation of Independent Directors 
and the Board:
  As per the provisions of the SEBI Regulations, the Nomination 
and Remuneration Committee (the “Committee”) has laid down 
the evaluation criteria for performance evaluation of Independent 
Directors and the Board. The manner for performance evaluation/
assessment of the Directors (including Independent Directors), 
KMPs and the senior officials of the Company is conducted on an 
annual basis and to satisfy the requirements of the Companies Act, 
2013 and SEBI Regulations.
  The following criteria assist in determining how effective the 
performances of the Directors (including Independent Directors)/
KMPs/Senior officials have been:
  1. leadership & stewardship abilities;
  2. contributing to clearly define corporate objectives & plans;
  3.  communication of expectations & concerns clearly 
with subordinates;
  4.  obtain adequate, relevant & timely information from 
external sources;
  5.  review & approval achievement of strategic and operational 
plans, objectives, budgets;
  6. regular monitoring of corporate results against projections ;
  7. identify, monitor & mitigate significant corporate risks;
  8. assess policies, structures & procedures;
  9. direct, monitor & evaluate KMPs, senior officials;
  10. review management's succession plan;
  11. effective meetings;
  12.  assuring appropriate board size, composition, 
independence, structure;
  13. clearly defining roles & monitoring activities of committees;
  14. review of corporation's ethical conduct.
  Evaluation on the aforesaid parameters was conducted by the 
Independent Directors for each of the Executive/Non-Independent 
Directors, in a separate meeting of the Independent Directors.
  The Board evaluated/ assessed each of the Directors along with 
its own performance and that of the committees on the aforesaid 
parameters and in the manner as laid down below.
  Of the Board as a whole:
     The performance of the Board was evaluated from the 
reviews/feedback of the directors themselves. The broad 
parameters for reviewing the performance of the Board, inter 
alia, contained the following:
     i.  Development of suitable strategies and business plans 
at appropriate time and its effectiveness;
   ii. Implementation of robust policies and procedures;
  iii. Size, structure and expertise of the Board;
  iv.  Oversight of the Financial Reporting Process, including 
Internal Controls;
  v.  Willingness to spend time and effort to learn about the 
Company and its business.
  Of Individual Director(s):
     Evaluation of Managing Director & Whole time Director /
Executive Director: The performance evaluation of Managing 
Director, Executive Director of the Company was done by all 
the directors including Independent Directors.
  Evaluation of Independent Directors:
   i.  The Schedule IV of the Companies Act, 2013, i.e. 
"Code for Independent Directors" provides for the 
evaluation of Independent Directors.
   ii.  Under the view of this provision, the performance 
evaluation of ID's was done by the entire Board of 
Directors, excluding the director being evaluated on 
the basis of the following criteria and including the 
parameters of evaluation of individual directors:
   iii.  Exercise of objective independent judgment in the best 
interest of Company and;
  Evaluation of Committees:
     The performance of the Committees of the Board was 
evaluated by the Directors, on the basis of the terms of 
reference of the Committee being evaluated. The broad 
parameters/criteria for reviewing the performance of all the 
Committees, inter alia, were
   i.  Discharge of the functions and duties as per the 
terms of reference;
   ii.  Process and procedures followed for discharging  
the functions;
   iii.  Effectiveness of suggestions and recommendations  
received;
   iv. Size, structure and expertise of the Committee; and
   v.  Conduct of the meetings and procedures followed  
in this regard
 Remuneration Policy:
  In accordance with the provisions of section 178 of the Companies 
Act, 2013, the Board, on the recommendation of the Nomination 
and Remuneration Committee, has framed a Remuneration Policy 
providing (a) criteria for determining qualifications, positive attributes 
and independence of directors and (b) a policy on remuneration for 
directors, key managerial personnel and other employees.
55
Annual Report 2025-26
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 118STATUTORY REPORTS22CORPORATE OVERVIEW01

--- page 48 ---
  The Policy is directed towards a compensation philosophy and 
structure that will reward and retain talent and provides for a 
balance between fixed and incentive pay reflecting short and long 
term performance objectives appropriate to the working of the 
Company and its goals. The policy is placed on Company website 
www.rammingmass.com.
 ·  Remuneration to the Managing Director/ Whole-time  
Director:
     The Managing Director/ Whole-time Director shall be 
eligible for remuneration as per the celling limit prescribed 
under the Companies Act, 2013 and/or in accordance 
to the special resolution passed in the General Meeting. 
The same be decided and approved by the Board on the 
recommendation of the Committee and shall be within the 
overall remuneration as per law.
 · Remuneration to Non- Executive/ Independent Director:
     The Non-executive/ Independent Directors of the Company 
may be paid sitting fees, if any, as per the applicable 
Regulations and no sitting fee shall be paid to Executive 
Directors. The quantum of sitting fees will be determined as 
per the recommendation of Nomination and Remuneration 
Committee and approved by the Board of Directors 
of the Company.
 · Minimum Remuneration:
     If, in any financial year, the Company has no profits or its 
profits are inadequate, the Company shall pay remuneration 
to its Managerial Personnel in accordance with the provisions 
of Schedule V of the Companies Act, 2013.
STAKEHOLDERS RELATIONSHIP COMMITTEE
In compliance with the provisions of section 178 of the Companies Act, 
2013 & Regulation 20 of SEBI Regulations, the Board has constituted 
the Stakeholders Relationship Committee. The Stakeholders Relationship 
Committee is entrusted with the responsibility of addressing the 
shareholders/ investors complaints with respect to transfer of shares, 
non-receipt of Annual Report, non-receipt of dividend etc.
The brief descriptions of terms of reference of the Stakeholders 
Relationship Committee, inter alia, include the following:
1.  Resolving the grievances of the security holders of the listed entity 
including complaints related to transfer/transmission of shares, 
non-receipt of annual report, non-receipt of declared dividends, 
issue of new/duplicate certificates, general meetings etc.;
2.  Review of measures taken for effective exercise of voting rights 
by shareholders;
3.  Review of adherence to the service standards adopted by the listed 
entity in respect of various services being rendered by the Registrar 
& Share Transfer Agent;
4.  Review of the various measures and initiatives taken by the listed 
entity for reducing the quantum of unclaimed dividends and ensuring 
timely receipt of dividend warrants/annual reports/statutory notices 
by the shareholders of the company.
 Composition and Attendance:
  The Composition of the Committee is in conformity with the Listing 
Regulations. The composition of the Committee and attendance of 
the members at the meetings of the Committee are as under:
  The Company Secretary acts as Secretary to the Committee
Name of 
Committee 
Members
Designation/ 
Category
Attendance of 
the members at 
the Committee 
Meetings
February 17, 2026
Mrs. Rajni Sekhri 
Sibal
Non-Executive 
Independent 
Director; 
Chairperson

Mr. Govind Saboo Non-Executive 
Independent 
Director; Member

Mr. Sanjay Kabra Whole-Time 
Director; Member

Mr. Praveen Totla Non-Executive 
Independent Director; 
Member
N.A.
  *Mrs. Rajni Sekhri Sibal appointed as chairperson w.e.f November 29, 
2025 and Mr. Praveen Totla ceased as member w.e.f December 1, 2025. 
Mr. Govind Saboo designation has changed from chairperson to member 
w.e.f November 29, 2025
	 Name	and	Designation	of	the	Compliance	Officer
 Name: Ms. Neha Rathi,
 Designation: Company Secretary & Compliance Officer
  Investor Grievance Redressal:
   During the financial year 2025-2026 no complaints were 
received and resolved by the Company. Further, no complaint 
was pending as on March 31, 2026.
CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY COMMITTEE
In compliance with the provisions of section 135 of the Companies 
Act, 2013, and Rules made thereunder the Company has constituted 
Corporate Social Responsibility Committee. The brief description of 
terms of reference of the Corporate Social Responsibility Committee, 
inter alia, includes the following:
1.  Formulate and recommend to the Board, a Corporate Social 
Responsibility Policy which shall indicate the activities to be 
undertaken by the company in areas or subject, specified in 
Schedule VII of the Companies Act, 2013;
2.  Recommend the amount of expenditure to be incurred on the 
Corporate Social Responsibility activities;
3.  Monitor the Corporate Social Responsibility Policy of the company 
from time to time.
Raghav Productivity Enhancers Ltd.
56
Annual Report 2025-26

--- page 49 ---
 Composition and Attendance
  The Composition of the Committee is in conformity the provisions 
of the Companies Act, 2013 and with the Listing Regulations. 
The composition of the Committee and attendance of the members 
at the meetings of the Committee are as under:
Name of 
Committee 
Members
Designation/ 
Category
Attendance of the 
members at the 
Committee Meetings
March 23, 2026
Mr. Govind 
Saboo
Non-Executive 
Independent Director; 
Chairman

Mr. Sanjay Kabra Executive Director; 
Member

Mr. Rajesh Kabra Executive Director; 
Member

Mr. Praveen Totla Non-Executive 
Independent Director; 
Member
N.A.
  Mr. Govind Saboo appointed as chairperson w.e.f November 29, 
2025 and Mr. Praveen Totla ceased as member w.e.f 1 December, 
2025. Mr. Govind Saboo designation has changed from chairperson 
to member w.e.f. 29 November, 2025
 BANK& CREDIT COMMITTEE
  In compliance with the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013, 
and Rules made thereunder the Company has constituted Bank & 
Credit Committee, the same has been formulated to facilitate all the 
banking & credit matters like authorization and anything related to 
this with the Company.
 Composition
  No meeting was held during the year. The composition of the 
Committee are as under:
Name of Committee Members Designation/ Category
Mr. Sanjay Kabra Executive Director; Chairman
Mr. Govind Saboo Non-Executive Independent 
Director; Member
Mr. Rajesh Kabra Executive Director; Member
 RISK MANAGEMENT COMMITTEE
  Since the Company comes under Top 1000 Listed Companies 
as on December 31, 2024 Market Average capitalization and 
continued the same as on December 31, 2026, therefore Company 
has formed a Risk Management Committee on January 20, 2025 
pursuant to SEBI Circular which will be effective from April 1 2025. 
The brief description of terms of reference of the Risk Management 
Committee, inter alia, includes the following:
·  A framework for identification of internal and external risks 
specifically faced by the listed entity, in particular including financial, 
operational, sectoral, sustainability (particularly, ESG related risks 
and impact) information and cyber security risks.
·  Measures for risk mitigation including Systems and process for 
internal control of identified risks, and
·  Business contingency plan
·  To monitor and oversee implementation of the risk management 
policy, including evaluating the adequacy of risk management and 
internal control systems;
·  To Ensure that appropriate methodology, processes and systems 
are in place to monitor and evaluate risks associated with the 
business of the Company;
·  To periodically review the risk management policy on annual basis, 
including by considering the changing industry dynamics and 
evolving complexity;
·  To keep the board informed about the nature and content of its 
discussions, recommendations and actions to be taken;
·  The appointment, removal and terms of remuneration of the 
Chief Risk Officer (if any) shall be subject to review by the 
Risk management committee, jointly with the Nomination and 
Remuneration Committee. The Risk Management Committee shall 
coordinate its activities with the Audit Committee in instances where 
there is any overlap with audit activities.
 Composition
Name of Committee Members Designation/ Category
Mr. Govind Saboo Non-Executive Independent 
Director; Chairman
Mr. Sanjay Kabra Executive Director; Member
Mr. Rajesh Kabra Executive Director; Member
 Composition and Attendance
  The Composition of the Committee is in conformity the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 and with the Listing Regulations. The composition 
of the Committee and attendance of the members at the meetings of the Committee are as under:
Name of Committee 
Members
Designation/ Category Attendance of the members at the Committee Meetings
June 30, 2025 December 29, 2025 March 23, 2026
Mr. Govind Saboo Non-Executive Independent 
Director; Chairman
  
Mr. Sanjay Kabra Executive Director; Member   
Mr. Rajesh Kabra Executive Director; Member   
57
Annual Report 2025-26
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 118STATUTORY REPORTS22CORPORATE OVERVIEW01

--- page 50 ---
 GENERAL BODY MEETINGS
 The details of General Meetings held in the last three years are given below:
S.No. Day, Date and Time of 
AGM/EGM
Venue Special Business
1. 14th AGM on July 25, 
2023 at 3:00 P .M.
Video 
Conferencing
1.  To re-appoint Mr. Sanjay Kabra as Chairman and Whole-Time Director of the 
Company
2.  To re-appoint Mr. Rajesh Kabra as Managing Director of the Company
3.  To appoint and re-designate Mrs. Krishna Kabra as Non-Executive (Under Non-
Independent Category) Director of the Company
4.  Alteration in capital clause of Memorandum of Association by increasing in 
Authorized Share Capital of the Company
5. Issue of Bonus Shares
2. Postal Ballot on April 3, 
2024
Video 
Conferencing
1.  Appointment of Mrs. Rajni Sekhri Sibal (DIN: 09176377) as an Independent 
Director of the Company
2.  Approval of amendments in Employee Stock option Scheme 2018 and grant of 
Employee Stock options to the Employees of the Company thereunder
3. 15th AGM on August 3, 
2024 at 12:00 P .M.
Video 
Conferencing
-
4. Postal Ballot on November 
21, 2024
Video 
Conferencing
1.  Alteration in capital clause of Memorandum of Association by increasing in 
Authorized Share Capital of the Company
2. Issue of Bonus Shares
5. 16th AGM on August 25, 
2025 at 2:00 P .M.
Video 
Conferencing
1.  Appointment of M/s Arms & Associates LLP , Practicing Company Secretaries as 
Secretarial Auditor and fix their remuneration
2.  Re-appointment of Mr. Govind Saboo as an Non-Executive Independent Director for 
second term of 5(five) years
3.  Authorisation under Section 186 of Companies Act, 2013
 Pledge of Shares:
  No Pledge has been created over the Equity Shares held by the 
Promoters and/or Promoter Group Shareholders during the Financial 
Year ended March 31, 2026.
  Review of Legal Compliance Reports:
  Alike the previous years, the Board, during the year, periodically 
reviewed the reports placed by the management with respect 
to adherence and compliance with various laws and regulations 
applicable on the Company. The Internal Auditors also reviewed the 
compliance status of the Company within their terms of reference 
and reported to the Audit Committee accordingly.
  MEANS OF COMMUNICATION
  Financial Results:
  ·  Pursuant to Regulation 33 (4) of SEBI Regulations, the 
Company has regularly furnished, by way of online electronic 
uploading on BSE Listing Centre the quarterly/half-yearly/ 
annual audited results to the Stock exchanges i.e. BSE within 
the timelines prescribed by SEBI in this regard.
  ·  The quarterly, half-yearly and annual results are also 
communicated through advertisement in Financial Express 
(National) in (English) language and Nafa Nuksan/Business 
Remedies in Hindi (Vernacular) Language.
  Website & Newsletter:
  The Company’s website www.rammingmass.com contains 
a dedicated functional segment called ‘Investors Information’ 
where all the information needed by the shareholders is available, 
including the Corporate Governance Report, Shareholding Patterns, 
Financial Results, Annual Reports and other relevant intimations 
sent to exchanges.
  News Releases, Presentations, etc:
  The official news, release, presentation that may be made to the 
Shareholders at the Annual General Meeting and the presentation as 
may be done to the analysts are posted on the Company’s website 
www.rammingmass.com
  SEBI Online Complaints Redress System (SCORES):
  The investor complaints are processed in a centralized web based 
complaints redressal system. The salient features of this system 
are: Centralized database of all complaints, online upload of Action 
Taken Reports (ATRs) by the concerned companies and online 
viewing by investors of actions taken on the complaint and its 
current status.
GENERAL SHAREHOLDER INFORMATION
(i) Annual General Meeting
  Date & Day: Tuesday, June 30, 2026
  Time: 2:00 P .M. (IST)
  Venue: Office. No. 36, 4th Floor, Alankar Plaza, A-10 Central Spine, 
Vidhyadhar Nagar, Jaipur-302023. Rajasthan; through Video 
Conferencing (VC)/ Other Audio Visual Means (OAVM) will be host 
at Registered Office of the Company.
  Phone Number: +91-141-2235760-61
(ii) Financial Year
  April 1, 2025 to March 31, 2026
Raghav Productivity Enhancers Ltd.
58
Annual Report 2025-26

--- page 51 ---
(iii)  Dividend Payment Date
  The final dividend, if approved by the shareholders in the ensuing 
Annual General Meeting, will be made payable within 30 days of the 
date of declaration i.e. Date of ensuing Annual General Meeting
(iv) Date of Book Closure/Record Date
  Date of Book closure: Wednesday, June 24, 2026 to 
Tuesday, June 30, 2026
  Cut- Off Date: Friday, June 19, 2026
(v) Listing on Stock Exchange
  The Company’s shares are presently listed on BSE Ltd and National 
Stock Exchange of India Ltd (NSE). The Company has paid Listing 
fees to BSE & NSE for the financial year 2025-26. The address 
details of Stock exchanges are as under:
The BSE Limited
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers Dalal 
Street Mumbai- 400 001 Fax 
No.: 022-22721919
The Listing Department
The National Stock Exchange of 
India Ltd. Exchange Plaza, C-1, 
Block G, Bandra- Kurla Complex 
Bandra (East) Mumbai- 400 051 
Fax No.: 022-26598120
(vi) Stock Code
  Stock Code for the Equity Shares of the Company at the respective 
Stock Exchanges is as under: BSE Ltd: 539837
  National Stock Exchange of India ltd.: RPEL
(vii)  Market Price Data:
i) Market price data on BSE Limited for the Financial Year 2025-2026:
Month Stock Prices ( `) Volume (in No. of shares)
High Price Low Price
April 2025 678.35 488.80 73,657
May 2025 746.00 566.05 70,821
June 2025 763.65 672.00 88,243
July 2025 735.00 615.00 1,75,828
August 2025 650.40 563.30 46,444
September 2025 702.20 570.00 78,617
October 2025 805.00 640.00 1,14,750
November 2025 1,065.45 782.00 2,98,854
December 2025 1,066.40 907.00 51,729
January 2026 974.05 666.85 70,318
February 2026 799.95 684.00 30,771
March 2026 708.95 562.90 50,891
i) Market price data on NSE Limited for the Financial Year 2025-2026:
Month Stock Prices ( `) Volume (in No. of shares)
High Price Low Price
April 2025 677.95 479.05 77,770
May 2025 747.00 565.25 70,418
June 2025 764.60 670.60 91,699
July 2025 736.00 617.00 1,05,954
August 2025 641.95 567.10 32,006
September 2025 702.00 566.65 44,012
October 2025 810.00 636.70 86,204
November 2025 1,065.50 780.00 1,92,148
December 2025 1,066.40 907.50 73,090
January 2026 975.90 665.00 75,843
February 2026 789.00 684.00 29,879
March 2026 705.00 561.30 40,065
59
Annual Report 2025-26
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 118STATUTORY REPORTS22CORPORATE OVERVIEW01

--- page 52 ---
ii) Performance of the Company’s Share Price vis-à-vis BSE Sensex during the year 2025-2026:
200.00
180.00
160.00
140.00
120.00
100.00
80.00
Sensex RPEL
60.00
Year Start Apr-25 May-25 Jun-25 Jul-25 Aug-25 Sep-25 Oct-25 Nov-25 Dec-25 Jan-26 Feb-26 Mar-26
i) Performance of the Company’s Share Price vis-à-vis NSE  Nifty during the year 2025-2026:
200.00
180.00
160.00
140.00
120.00
100.00
80.00
Sensex RPEL
60.00
Year Start30-Apr-2530-May-2530-Jun-2531-Jul-2529-Aug-2530-Sep-2531-Oct-2528-Nov-2531-Dec-2530-Jan-2627-Feb-2630-Mar-26
Raghav Productivity Enhancers Ltd.
60
Annual Report 2025-26

--- page 53 ---
(viii) Registrar & Share Transfer Agent
  Name & Address: Bigshare Services Pvt. Ltd., Office No S6-2, 
6th Floor, Pinnacle Business Park, Next to Ahura Centre, Mahakali 
Caves Road, Andheri (East) Mumbai – 400093
  Telephone: 022-62638200 
  Fax: 022-62638299 
  E-mail: ipo@bigshareonline.com
  Website: www.bigshareonline.com
(ix) Share Transfer System
  In respect of shares held in dematerialized mode, the transfer 
takes place instantaneously between the transferor, transferee, and 
the Depository Participant through electronic debit/credit of the 
accounts involved.
(x) Distribution of Shareholding as on March 31, 2026
i.  Distribution of equity shareholding as on March 31, 2026:
S. No. Shareholding of Nominal Value No. of shareholders % of shareholders Share Amount in ` % of shareholding
1 1-5000 11,888 89.76 78,03,170 1.70
2 5001-10000 494 3.73 36,72,580 0.80
3 10001-20000 333 2.51 48,69,120 1.06
4 20001-30000 123 0.93 31,00,850 0.68
5 30001-40000 89 0.67 31,93,400 0.70
6 40001-50000 46 0.35 21,20,800 0.46
7 50001-100000 102 0.77 74,99,680 1.63
8 100001 and Above 169 1.28 42,68,60,000 92.97
Total 13,244 100.00 45,91,19,600 100.00
ii.  Categories of equity shareholding as on March 31, 2026: 
Category No. of  
shares held
% of 
shareholding
Promoters/Promoters Group 2,88,82,608 62.91
Corporate Bodies 29,73,414 6.48
Clearing Members 26,822 0.06
Foreign Portfolio Investor 
(Corporate)Category-I
84,866 0.18
Foreign Portfolio Investor 
(Corporate)Category-II
16,134 0.04
Foreign Portfolio Investor 
(Individual)Category-II
67,300 0.15
Non-Resident Indians 1,43,810 0.31
Proprietary Firm 475 0.00
Resident Individuals and 
HUF
1,37,16,531 29.87
Total 4,59,11,960 100.00
iii.  Top ten equity shareholders of the Company as on March 31, 2026:
Sr. 
No.
Name of 
shareholders
No. of Equity 
shares
% of holding
1. Rajesh Kabra 98,45,304 21.45
2. Savita Kabra 59,78,000 13.02
3. Sanjay Kabra 53,95,704 11.75
4. Rashmi Kabra 42,22,000 9.20
5. Sanjay Kabra HUF 22,73,600 4.95
6. Rekha Jhunjhunwala 20,01,666 4.35
7. Utpal H Sheth 16,60,844 3.61
Sr. 
No.
Name of 
shareholders
No. of Equity 
shares
% of holding
8. Chanakya Corporate 
Services Private 
Limited
15,18,400 3.30
9. Rajesh kabra HUF 9,80,000 2.13
10. Nishid Babulal Shah 9,69,990 2.11
(xi) Dematerialization of shares and liquidity
  As on March 31, 2026, 100% of the total issued, subscribed and 
paid-up equity share capital of the Company is in Dematerialized 
form. The equity Shares of the Company are regularly traded on the 
BSE Limited and National Stock Exchange Ltd. (NSE). Under the 
Depository system, the International Security Identification Number 
(ISIN) allotted to the Company’s shares is INE912T01018.
(xii)   Outstanding GDRs/ADRs/warrants or any convertible 
instruments, conversion date and likely impact on equity
  During the financial year 2025-2026, Company has not issued 
GDRs/ADRs/Warrants/ or any convertible other instruments, 
(xiii)  Commodity price risk or foreign exchange risk and hedging  
activities
 The Company does not deal in hedging activities
(xiv) Green Initiative in Corporate Governance
  As per the MCA Circular Nos. 17/2011 dated April 21, 2011 & 
18/2011 dated April 29, 2011, Ministry of Corporate Affairs has 
undertaken a Green Initiative in Corporate Governance whereby the 
shareholders desirous of receiving notices, documents and other 
communication from the Company through electronic mode, can 
61
Annual Report 2025-26
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 118STATUTORY REPORTS22CORPORATE OVERVIEW01

--- page 54 ---
register their e-mail addresses with the Company. As a responsible 
citizen, your Company strongly urge our shareholders to support 
the Green Initiative by giving positive consent by registering/
updating your email addresses with your respective Depository 
Participants or the Registrar and Transfer Agents of the Company, 
Bigshare Services Private Limited for the purpose of receiving soft 
copies of various communications including the Annual Report.
(viii) Discretionary requirements Part E of Schedule II
  On discretionary basis, the company has adopted clause 
C and E as mentioned in Part E of Schedule II of SEBI (LODR) 
Regulations, 2015.
(ix) Plant Location
  Khasra no. 665, 674, 726, 728, 729, 755, Gram Aliyabad, Newai, 
Tonk-304021 Rajasthan
(x)	 Corporate	Identification	Number	(CIN)
  The Company is registered with the Registrar of Companies, Jaipur, 
Rajasthan. The CIN allotted to the Company by the Ministry of 
Corporate Affairs is L27109RJ2009PLC030511.
(xi) Correspondence Address
  Raghav Productivity Enhancers Limited
  409, 4th Floor, Alankar Plaza, A-10 Central Spine, Vidhyadhar 
Nagar, Jaipur-302023
  Tel.: 0141-2235760
  Fax: 0141-2235761
  Email id: rammingmass@gmail.com
  Website: www.rammingmass.com
  In Compliance of Regulation 46 of SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015, 
the Company has designated exclusive Email ID for redressal of 
Investor Grievances i.e. cs@rammingmass.com
(xii) Reconciliation of Share Capital Audit
  A Qualified Practicing Company Secretary carried out the Quarterly 
Reconciliation of Share Capital Audit to reconcile the total admitted 
equity capital with National Securities Depository Limited (NSDL) 
and the Central Depository Services (India) Limited (CDSL) of 
the total issued and listed Equity Share Capital. The Report on 
Reconciliation of Share Capital confirms that the total issued/
paid up capital of the Company admitted with depositories is in 
agreement with the capital of the Company listed with the Stock 
Exchange’s. Further none of the shares of the company are lying in 
suspense account as on March 31, 2026.
DISCLOSURES:
Financial Statements/ Accounting Treatments: 
In the preparation of Financial Statements, the Company has followed the 
Accounting Standards issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants 
of India to the extent applicable.
Materially	Significant	Related	Party	Transactions:	
All related party transactions that were entered into during the financial 
year were on arm’s length basis and in the ordinary course of business of 
the Company. There is no materially significant related party transaction 
made by the Company with Promoters, Directors, Key Managerial 
Personnel or other Designated Persons which may have a potential 
conflict with the interest of the Company at large. All related party 
transactions are placed before the Audit Committee and the Board for 
approval. The policy on related party transactions as approved by the 
Board is uploaded on the Company’s website i.e. www.rammingmass.
comas per Regulation 23 of the SEBI Regulations.
Disclosure on Risk Management& Whistle Blower Policy: 
Pursuant to section 177(9) and (10) of the Companies Act, 2013 and 
Regulation 22 of the SEBI Regulations, the Company has a Whistle 
Blower Policy for establishing a vigil mechanism for Directors and 
employees. The policy has been hosted on the website of the Company 
at www.rammingmass.com. The Board is periodically informed about the 
key risks and their minimization procedures. Business risk evaluation and 
management is an ongoing process within the Company. 
The Audit Committee of the Board is committed to ensure fraud free 
work environment and for that purpose the Committee has laid down 
a Whistle Blower Policy providing a platform to all its stakeholders 
including employees and auditors, regulatory agencies and customers 
of the Company to report any suspected or confirmed incident of fraud/ 
misconduct through any of the following reporting protocols:
· Name of Vigilance Officer: Mr. Govind Saboo
· E-mail: whistleblower@rammingmass.com
·  Written Communication to: Vigilance officer- Raghav Whistle 
Blower Policy Office No. 36, 4th Floor, Alankar Plaza, A-10, Central 
Spine, Vidhyadhar Nagar,Jaipur-302023, Rajasthan, India
During the year, no one has been denied access to the audit 
committee. The Policy is also available at website of the Company 
www.rammingmass.com.
Details of non-compliance: 
There is no instance of non-compliance during the period under review. 
Also, no penalties and/or strictures have been imposed on it by Stock 
Exchanges or SEBI or any Statutory Authority on any matter related to the 
capital markets during the last three years.
Compliance with the mandatory requirements of Corporate Governance 
as per SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015: 
The Company has complied with all mandatory requirements of 
Regulation 27 and Regulation 34 of the listing regulations. The status on 
the compliance with the non-mandatory requirements is as under: 
·  The Company’s standalone and consolidated financial statements 
for the financial year ended as on March 31, 2026 were not qualified.
·  The Company follows a robust process of communicating with 
the shareholders which has been mentioned in the report under 
“Means of Communication.”
·  The Internal Auditor of the Company directly submits Internal Audit 
Report to the Audit Committee on annual basis.
Raghav Productivity Enhancers Ltd.
62
Annual Report 2025-26

--- page 55 ---
Details of fees paid by the company to its Statutory Auditors:
During financial year 2025-2026 the company has paid following fees to 
its Statutory Auditors
Sr. No. Particulars Amount Paid in ( `)
1 Statutory Audit Fees 8,25,000/-
Further, during financial year 2025-2026 the subsidiary company i.e. 
Raghav Productivity Solutions Private Limited has paid following fees to 
its Statutory Auditors:
Sr. No. Particulars Amount Paid in ( `)
1 Statutory Audit Fees 5,50,000/-
Apart from above nothing is paid by the company to the 
Statutory Auditors. 
Disclosures in relation to the Sexual Harassment of Women at 
Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition and Redressal) Act, 2013:
In order to prevent sexual harassment of women at work place “The 
Sexual Harassment of Women at Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition and 
Redressal) Act, 2013” was notified on December 09, 2013, under the 
said Act, every Company is required to set up an Internal Complaints 
Committee to look into complaints relating to sexual harassment at work 
place of any women employee.
In terms of the provisions of The Sexual Harassment of Women at 
Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition and Redressal) Act, 2013, the 
Company has adopted a Policy on Prevention, Prohibition and Redressal 
of Sexual Harassment at the Workplace. 
Company has formed an “Internal Complaints Committee” for prevention 
and redressal of sexual harassment at workplace. The Committee is 
having requisite members and is chaired by a senior woman member of 
the organization. Further, the Company has not received any complaint of 
sexual harassment during the financial year 2025-26. During the financial 
year -2025-26, no complaint has been received by the members of the 
committee. Hence, no complaint is pending at the end of the financial year.
Disclosure	by	listed	entity	and	its	subsidiaries	of	‘Loans	and	advances	in	the	nature	of	loans	to	firms/companies	in	which	directors	are	interested	
by name and amount’
As per the Listing Regulations, the disclosure requirements regarding related party transaction are as detailed below:
Particulars Name of Entity Type Amount at the year-end 
(` In Lakhs)
Maximum loan/ advances/ investment 
outstanding during the year ( ` In Lakhs)
Loans and Advances in the 
nature of loans to subsidiaries
Raghav Productivity 
Solutions Private 
Limited
Wholly owned 
subsidiary
3.65 1,109.67
Certificate	from	Company	Secretary	in	Practice:	
The Company has received a certificate from M/s. ARMS & Associates 
LLP , Practicing Company Secretaries certified that none of the Directors 
on the Board of the Company have been debarred or disqualified from 
being appointed or continuing as Directors of Companies by the Securities 
and Exchange Board of India, Ministry of Corporate Affairs or any such 
other Statutory Authority for the financial year ending on March 31, 2026, 
which is annexed as Annexure B at the end of this report
MD	and	CFO	Certification:	
The certificate required under Regulation 17 (8) of SEBI Regulations duly 
signed by MD and CFO was placed before the Board and the same is 
attached to this Report as Annexure C.
Certificate	of	compliance	of	Corporate	Governance:	
The Company has obtained a certificate affirming the compliances of 
Corporate Governance from M/s Arms & Associates LLP , Practicing 
Company Secretaries, Jaipur and the same is attached to this Report as 
Annexure D. During the year under review the company has raised funds 
through preferential allotment as specified under SEBI Regulations.
63
Annual Report 2025-26
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 118STATUTORY REPORTS22CORPORATE OVERVIEW01

--- page 56 ---
Annexure A
DECLARATION FOR THE COMPLIANCE WITH THE CODE OF CONDUCT
We, Rajesh Kabra, Managing Director and Deepak Jaju, Chief Financial Officer of Raghav Productivity Enhancers Limited, hereby declare that all the 
members of the Board of Directors and the Senior Management Personnel have affirmed compliance with the Code of Conduct of the Company, 
applicable to them as laid down by the Board of Directors in terms of Schedule V of SEBI Regulations for the year ended March 31, 2026.
For Raghav Productivity Enhancers Limited
Sd/-         Sd/-
Rajesh Kabra       Deepak Jaju
(Managing Director)      (Chief Financial Officer)
DIN: 00935200 
Annexure B
CERTIFICATE OF NON-DISQUALIFICATION OF DIRECTORS
(pursuant to Regulation 34(3) and Schedule V Para C clause (10)(i) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015)
To,
The Members,
Raghav Productivity Enhancers Limited
Office No. 36, 4th Floor, Alankar Plaza A-10, 
Central Spine, Vidhyadhar Nagar, Jaipur-302023 Rajasthan 
We have examined the relevant registers, records, forms, returns and disclosures received from the Directors of Raghav Productivity Enhancers 
Limited having CIN L27109RJ2009PLC030511 and having registered office at Office No. 36, 4th Floor, Alankar Plaza A-10, Central Spine, Vidhyadhar 
Nagar, Jaipur-302023 Rajasthan (hereinafter referred to as ‘the Company’), produced before us by the Company for the purpose of issuing this 
Certificate, in accordance with Regulation 34(3) read with Schedule V Para- C Sub clause 10(i) of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015. 
In our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the verifications (including Directors Identification Number (DIN) status at the 
portal www.mca.gov.in) as considered necessary and explanations furnished to us by the Company & its officers, We hereby certify that none of the 
Directors on the Board of the Company as stated below for the Financial Year ended on March 31, 2026 have been debarred or disqualified from being 
appointed or continuing as Directors of companies by the Securities and Exchange Board of India, Ministry of Corporate Affairs or any such other 
Statutory Authority.
Sl. No. Name of the Director DIN
1. Mr. Rajesh Kabra 00935200
2. Mr. Sanjay Kabra 02552178
3. Mrs. Krishna Kabra 02552177
4. Mr. Hemant Nerurkar Madhusudan 00265887
5. Mr. Govind Saboo 06724172
6. Mr. Amar Lal Daultani 05228156
7. Mrs. Rajni Sekhri Sibal 09176377
Ensuring the eligibility of, for the appointment/ continuity of every Director on the Board is the responsibility of the management of the Company. 
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these based on our verification. This certificate is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the 
Company nor of the efficiency or effectiveness with which the management has conducted the affairs of the Company.
for ARMS and Associates LLP
Company Secretaries
ICSI URN: P2011RJ023700
PR 6756/2025
 Sd/-
Lata Gyanmalani
May 18, 2026 Jaipur  Partner
UDIN: F010106H000392081  FCS 10106 CP No.9774
Raghav Productivity Enhancers Ltd.
64
Annual Report 2025-26

--- page 57 ---
Annexure C
MD/CFO CERTIFICATION
Under Regulation 17(8) of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements), Regulations, 2015
To
The Board of Directors
Raghav Productivity Enhancers Limited,
Jaipur
We, Rajesh Kabra, Managing Director and Deepak Jaju, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, to the best of knowledge and belief, certify that:
A.  We have reviewed Financial Statements (Balance Sheet, Statement of Profit & Loss and all the Schedules and Notes to Accounts) and the Cash 
Flow Statement and Board’s Report for the financial year 2025-2026 and based on our knowledge and belief and information:
  1. These statements do not contain any materially untrue statement or omit any material fact or contain statements that might be misleading;
  2.  These statements and other information included in this annual report present a true and fair view of company’s affair and are in compliance 
with current accounting standards, applicable laws and regulations.
B.  There are, to the best of our knowledge and belief, no transactions entered into by the company during the financial year 2025-2026 which are 
fraudulent, illegal or violative of the company’s Code of Conduct.
C.  We accept responsibility for establishing and maintaining internal controls for financial reporting and that we have evaluated the effectiveness 
of internal control systems of the company pertaining to financial reporting and we have disclosed to the Auditors and the Audit Committee, 
deficiencies in the design or operation of such internal controls, if any, of which we are aware and the steps we have taken or propose to take to 
rectify these deficiencies.
D. We have indicated to the Auditors and the Audit committee:
  1. significant changes in internal control over financial reporting during the year;
  2. significant changes in accounting policies during the year and that the same have been disclosed in the notes to the financial statements; and
  3.  instances of significant fraud of which we have become aware and the involvement therein, if any, of the management or any employee 
having a significant role in the company’s internal control system over financial reporting.
for Raghav Productivity Enhancers Limited
Sd/-             Sd/-
Rajesh Kabra           Deepak Jaju
(Managing Director)          (Chief Financial Officer)
DIN: 00935200
65
Annual Report 2025-26
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 118STATUTORY REPORTS22CORPORATE OVERVIEW01

--- page 58 ---
Anneuxre D
CERTIFICATE ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
To,
The Members,
Raghav Productivity Enhancers Limited
Office No. 36, 4th Floor, Alankar Plaza A-10,
Central Spine, Vidhyadhar Nagar, Jaipur-302023 Rajasthan
1.  We have examined the compliance of conditions of Corporate Governance of Raghav Productivity Enhancers Limited (“the Company”) for the year 
ended on March 31, 2026 as stipulated in Regulations 17 to 27 and clauses (b) to (i) of Regulation 46 (2) and paragraphs C, D and E of Schedule 
V of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 [collectively referred to as 
“SEBI Listing Regulations”].
Management’s Responsibility for compliance with the conditions of SEBI Listing Regulations
2.  The compliance with the conditions of Corporate Governance is the responsibility of the management of the Company, including the preparation 
and maintenance of all relevant supporting records and documents. This responsibility includes the design, implementation and maintenance of 
internal control and procedures to ensure the compliance with the conditions of the Corporate Governance stipulated in SEBI Listing Regulations.
Our Responsibility
3.  Our responsibility is limited to examining the procedures and implementation thereof, adopted by the Company for ensuring the compliance with 
the conditions of the Corporate Governance. It is neither an audit nor an expression of opinion on the financial statements of the Company.
4.  We have examined the relevant records and documents maintained by the Company for the purposes of providing reasonable assurance on the 
compliance with the Corporate Governance requirements by the Company.
5.  We have conducted our examination in accordance with the Guidance Note on Corporate Governance Certificate and the Guidance Manual on 
Quality of Audit & Attestation Services issued by the Institute of Company Secretaries of India (“ICSI”).
Opinion
6.  In our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the information and explanations provided to us and the representations provided 
by the Management, we certify that the Company has complied with the conditions of Corporate Governance as stipulated in regulations 17 to 27 
and clauses (b) to (i) of regulation 46(2) and para C and D of Schedule V of the Listing Regulations during the year ended March 31, 2026.
7.  We further state that such compliance is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor the efficiency or effectiveness with 
which the management has conducted the affairs of the Company.
Restriction on use
8.  The certificate is addressed and provided to the members of the Company solely for the purpose to enable the Company to comply with the 
requirement of the SEBI Listing Regulations, and it should not be used by any other person or for any other purpose. Accordingly, we do not accept 
or assume any liability or any duty of care for any other purpose or to any other person to whom this certificate is shown or into whose hands it 
may come without our prior consent in writing.
for ARMS and Associates LLP
Company Secretaries
ICSI URN: P2011RJ023700
PR 6756/2025
 Sd/-
Lata Gyanmalani
May 18, 2026 Jaipur  Partner
UDIN: F010106H000392158  FCS 10106 CP No.9774
Raghav Productivity Enhancers Ltd.
66
Annual Report 2025-26

--- page 59 ---
BUSINESS RESPONSIBILITY & 
SUSTAINABILITY REPORTING  
SECTION A: GENERAL DISCLOSURES
Part I Details of the Listed Entity
S. No. Particulars Details
1. Corporate Identity Number (CIN) of the Listed Entity L27109RJ2009PLC030511
2. Name of the Listed Entity Raghav Productivity Enhancers Limited
3. Year of Incorporation 2009
4. Registered Office Address Office No. 36, 4th Floor, Alankar Plaza A-10, Central Spine, 
Vidhyadhar Nagar, Jaipur, Jaipur, Rajasthan, India, 302023
5. Corporate Office Address Office No. 36, 4th Floor, Alankar Plaza A-10, Central Spine, 
Vidhyadhar Nagar, Jaipur, Jaipur, Rajasthan, India, 302023
6. E-mail cs@rammingmass.com
7. Telephone +91-141-2235760
8. Website https://www.rammingmass.com/
9. Financial year for which reporting is being done April 2025 - March 26
10. Name of the Stock Exchange(s) where shares are listed 1. National Stock Exchange of India Limited (NSE)
2. BSE Limited (BSE)
11. Paid-up Capital INR 45,91,19,600/-
12. Name and Contact details (Telephone, email address) of the 
person who may be contacted in case of any queries on the 
BRSR Report
CS Neha Rathi
Telephone: 0141-2235760
Email: cs@rammingmass.com
13. Reporting boundary - Are the disclosures under this report 
made on a standalone basis (i.e., only for the entity) or on a 
consolidated basis (i.e., for the entity and all the entities which 
form a part of its consolidated financial statements, taken 
together).
RPEL is reporting on Standalone Basis
14. Name of assessment or assurance provider Not Applicable
15. Type of assessment or assurance obtained No Assessment or Assurance taken for the reporting year
I. Products/Services
 16. Details of business activities (accounting for 90% of the turnover):
S. No. Description of Main Activity Description of Business Activity % of Turnover of the Entity
1. Manufacturing Refractory Product manufacturing 
services
100%
 17. Products/Services sold by the entity (accounting for 90% of the entity’s Turnover):
S. No. Product/Service NIC Code % Of Total Turnover Contributed
1. Refractory Product 99885320 100%
II. Operations
	 18.	 Number	of	locations	where	plants	and/or	operations/offices	of	the	entity	are	situated:
Location Number of Plants Number	of	Offices Total
National 1 1 2
International - - -
67
Annual Report 2025-26
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 118STATUTORY REPORTS22CORPORATE OVERVIEW01

--- page 60 ---
 19. Market served by the entity:
  a. No. of Locations
Locations Number
National (No. of States and Union 
Territories)
27
Name of States and Union Territories Arunachal Pradesh, Assam, Andhra Pradesh, Bihar, Chhattisgarh, Dadar & Nagar Haveli, 
Goa, Gujarat, Haryana, Himachal Pradesh, J&K, Jharkhand, Karnataka, Maharashtra, 
Madhya Pradesh, Mizoram, Meghalaya, Odisha, Puducherry, Punjab, Rajasthan, Tamil 
Nadu, Telangana, Tripura, Uttarakhand, Uttar Pradesh, West Bengal
International (No. of Countries) 39
Name of Countries Algeria, Angola, Armenia, Bhutan, Bangladesh, Burkina Faso, Benin, Burundi, Djibouti, 
Democratic Republic of Congo, Ethiopia, England, Ghana, Indonesia, Iraq, Jordan, Kenya, 
Kuwait, Liberia, Libya, Mozambique, Madagascar, Mali, Mauritania, Nepal, Nigeria, Oman, 
Qatar, Rwanda, Sri Lanka, Saudi Arabia, South Africa, Senegal, Sudan, Tanzania, Taiwan, 
Togo, United Arab Emirates, Uganda. 
  b. What is the contribution of exports as a percentage of the total turnover of the entity?
	 		 			 		During	the	reporting	financial	year,	the	Company	achieved	export	revenues	of	INR	5,554.08	lakhs,	accounting	for	48.59%	of	the	total	
turnover. This contribution highlights RPEL ’s robust international market presence and the increasing global demand for high-quality 
Silica Ramming Mass, a key component in the steel and foundry sectors.
  c. A brief on types of customers
        Raghav Productivity Enhancers Ltd. primarily caters to industrial customers engaged in metal melting and casting operations. 
Its	customer	base	is	diversified	across	domestic	and	international	markets	and	includes:
        ·  Steel Manufacturers: Large and medium-scale steel plants operating induction furnaces for primary and secondary 
steel production.
        ·  Foundries and Casting Units: Enterprises involved in the production of cast iron, alloy steel, and specialized metal components 
across automotive, infrastructure, and engineering sectors.
        ·  Metal Processing and Recycling Units: Facilities	 engaged	in	scrap-based	metal	melting	and	refining	processes,	requiring	
high-performance refractory lining materials.
        ·  Export Clients:	International	steel	producers	and	foundries	across	39+	countries,	reflecting	the	Company’s	strong	global	
footprint and product acceptance.
	 	 	 	The	Company’s	products	are	critical	consumables	in	furnace	operations,	enabling	enhanced	thermal	efficiency,	durability,	and	
operational performance, thereby fostering long-term relationships with customers focused on cost optimization and process reliability.
III. Employees
 20. Details as at the end of Financial Year:
  a. Employees and workers (including differently abled):
S. No. Particulars Total(A) Male Female
No. (B) % (B/A) No. (C) % (C/A)
EMPLOYEES
1 Permanent (D) 14 11 78.57% 3 21.43%
2 Other than Permanent (E) 0 0 0% 0 0%
3 Total Employees (D+E) 14 11 78.57% 3 21.43%
WORKERS
4 Permanent (F) 45 45 100% 0 0%
5 Other than Permanent (G) 0 0 0% 0 0%
6 Total Workers (F+ G) 45 45 100% 0 0%
Raghav Productivity Enhancers Ltd.
68
Annual Report 2025-26

--- page 61 ---
  c. Differently abled Employees and workers:
S. No. Particulars Total (A) Male Female
No. (B) % (B /A) No. (C) % (C /A)
DIFFERENTLY ABLED EMPLOYEES
1 Permanent (D) 0 0 0% 0 0%
2 Other than Permanent (E) 0 0 0% 0 0%
3 Total Differently abled Employees (D+E) 0 0 0% 0 0%
DIFFERENTLY ABLED WORKERS
4 Permanent(F) 0 0 0% 0 0%
5 Other than Permanent (G) 0 0 0% 0 0%
6 Total differently abled Workers (F+ G) 0 0 0% 0 0%
 21. Participation/Inclusion/Representation of women
Total (A) No. and percentage of Females
No. (B) % (B / A)
Board of Directors 7 2 28.57%
Key Management Personnel (other than BOD) 2 1 50%
 22. Turnover rate for permanent employees and workers (Disclose trend for the past 3 years)
FY 2025-26
(Turnover rate in Current FY)
FY 2024-25
(Turnover rate in previous FY)
FY 2023-24
(Turnover rate in the year prior to 
the previous FY)
Male Female Total Male Female Total Male Female Total
Permanent Employees 36.36% 28.57% 34.48% 66.67% 50% 63.15% 41.86% 28.57% 40%
Permanent Workers *65.67% - 65.67% 29.63% - 29.63% 32.11% - 32.11%
  *The high turnover rate is majorly on account of transfer of employees/workers to the Company's wholly owned subsidiary.
IV. Holding, Subsidiary and Associate Companies (including joint ventures)
 23. (a) Names of holding / subsidiary / associate companies / Joint Ventures:
S. No. Name of the holding/ 
subsidiary / associate 
companies / joint ventures 
(A)
Indicate whether 
holding/ Subsidiary/ 
Associate/ Joint 
Venture
% Of shares held by 
listed entity
Does the entity indicated at column A, 
participate in the
Business Responsibility initiatives of 
the listed entity? (Yes/No)
1 Raghav Productivity
Solutions Private Limited
Subsidiary 100% No
V. CSR Details
 24. Whether CSR is applicable as per section 135 of Companies Act,2013: (Yes/No) - Yes
Particulars Amount in lakhs
Turnover `	11,431.67
Net worth `	20,395.47
69
Annual Report 2025-26
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 118STATUTORY REPORTS22CORPORATE OVERVIEW01

--- page 62 ---
VI. Transparency and Disclosures Compliances
 25. Complaints/Grievances on any of the principles (Principles 1 to 9) under the National Guidelines on Responsible Business Conduct:
Stakeholder 
group from 
whom 
complaint is 
received
Grievance Redressal 
Mechanism in Place (Yes/
No) (If yes, then provide 
web-link for grievance 
redress policy)
FY 2025-26 FY 2024-25
Number of 
complaints 
filed during 
the year
Number of 
complaints 
pending 
resolution 
at close of 
the year
Remarks Number of 
complaints 
filed during 
the year
Number of 
complaints 
pending 
resolution 
at close of 
the year
Remarks
Communities Yes – Formal grievance 
redressal mechanism in 
place to address concerns 
of local communities and 
external	stakeholders	in	
a timely and transparent 
manner.
0 NA NA 0 NA NA
Investors 
(Others than 
Shareholders)
Yes – Mechanism in place to 
monitor and resolve investor 
grievances	efficiently.
0 NA NA 0 NA NA
Shareholders Yes – Dedicated Secretarial 
Department manages 
and resolves shareholder 
grievances.
0 NA NA 0 NA NA
Employees and 
Workers
Yes – Comprehensive HR 
Policy including formal 
grievance redressal 
mechanism.
9 NA Resolved 10 NA Resolved
Customers Yes – Structured grievance 
redressal system ensuring 
prompt, fair, and transparent 
resolution of customer 
concerns.
11 NA Resolved 7 NA Resolved
Value Chain 
Partners
Yes – Mechanism established 
to address concerns of 
suppliers and partners.
0 NA NA 0 NA NA
	 	 Web	link	for	Grievance	Redressal:	 https://www.rammingmass.com/pdf/GREIVANCE%20REDRESSAL%20POLICY.pdf
 26.  Overview of the entity’s material responsible business conduct issues:
   Material responsible business conduct and sustainability issues pertaining to environmental and social matters that present a risk or an 
opportunity	to	your	business,	rationale	for	identifying	the	same,	approach	to	adapt	or	mitigate	the	risk	along-with	its	financial	implications:
S. 
No.
Material Issue 
Identified
R/O Rationale for Identification Approach to Mitigation / 
Leverage
Financial Implications
1 Occupational 
Health & Safety 
(Silica Dust & 
Silicosis Risk)
Risk Exposure	to	respirable	silica	
dust in manufacturing operations 
poses	significant	health	risks,	
regulatory liabilities, and 
reputational concerns.
Advanced dust suppression 
systems, enclosed operations, 
PPE usage, continuous air 
monitoring, periodic medical 
check-ups, and adherence to 
global safety standards.
Negative: short-term 
compliance cost;
Positive: long-term 
productivity, reduced 
liabilities.
2 Energy Intensity & 
GHG Emissions
Risk Energy-intensive processes 
contribute to emissions and 
expose	the	Company	to	transition	
risks and regulatory pressures.
Energy-efficient	technologies,	
renewable energy adoption, 
energy audits, and emissions 
tracking aligned with global 
standards.
Negative: initial 
investment;
Positive: long-term cost 
savings, ESG ratings 
improvement.
3 Climate Change 
Risk & Carbon 
Neutrality 
Transition
Risk / 
Opportunity
Increasing regulatory focus and 
stakeholder	expectations	around	
decarbonisation require proactive 
climate strategies.
Development of decarbonisation 
roadmap, renewable integration, 
carbon footprint reduction 
initiatives, and long-term net-
zero alignment.
Negative: transition cost; 
Positive: access to green 
finance,	enhanced	market	
positioning.
Raghav Productivity Enhancers Ltd.
70
Annual Report 2025-26

--- page 63 ---
S. 
No.
Material Issue 
Identified
R/O Rationale for Identification Approach to Mitigation / 
Leverage
Financial Implications
4 Raw Material 
Availability & 
Responsible 
Sourcing (Quartz 
Reserves)
Risk Dependence on high-quality 
quartz	exposes	the	Company	to	
supply constraints, environmental 
risks, and price volatility.
Strategic sourcing near reserves, 
long-term contracts, supplier 
due diligence, and responsible 
mining practices.
Negative: cost volatility; 
Positive: secured supply 
and operational continuity.
5 Supply Chain 
Sustainability & 
Resilience
Risk Supplier concentration, ESG 
non-compliance,	and	external	
disruptions may impact 
operations and brand reputation.
Supplier	diversification,	ESG	
screening, strong vendor 
relationships, real-time 
monitoring, and contingency 
planning.
Negative: higher 
procurement cost; 
Positive: reduced 
disruption risk.
6 Waste 
Management & 
Circular Economy 
(Refractory 
Waste)
Risk / 
Opportunity
Generation of refractory waste 
requires responsible disposal; 
increasing focus on circular 
economy practices.
Waste minimisation, recycling 
initiatives, co-processing, and 
reuse of materials wherever 
feasible.
Negative: compliance 
cost; 
Positive: cost optimisation 
and sustainability 
positioning.
7 Product Quality 
& Furnace 
Performance 
Efficiency
Opportunity High-performance products 
directly improve customer 
furnace	efficiency,	durability,	and	
productivity.
Continuous R&D, proprietary 
technologies, strict quality 
control systems, and process 
innovation.
Positive: premium pricing, 
customer retention, 
market leadership.
8 Innovation & 
Sustainable 
Product 
Development
Opportunity Growing demand for sustainable 
and high-performance refractory 
materials	presents	expansion	
opportunities.
Investment in R&D to develop 
eco-efficient,	durable,	and	high-
performance products.
Positive: market 
expansion,	improved	
margins, competitive 
differentiation.
9 Employee Training 
& Development
Opportunity Skilled workforce is critical for 
operational	efficiency,	safety	
compliance, and innovation.
Continuous training programs, 
skill development initiatives, and 
safety awareness programs.
Positive: productivity 
improvement, reduced 
incidents, talent retention.
10 Human Rights & 
Labour Standards
Risk Non-compliance with labour laws 
or	human	rights	expectations	
can lead to reputational and legal 
risks.
Strong HR policies, compliance 
with labour laws, fair wages, 
safe working conditions, and 
grievance mechanisms.
Negative: compliance 
cost; 
Positive: employee 
satisfaction and brand 
trust.
11 Cybersecurity & 
Data Privacy
Risk Increasing	digitalisation	exposes	
the Company to cyber threats, 
data breaches, and operational 
disruptions.
Implementation of IT security 
systems, access controls, 
regular audits, and data 
protection frameworks.
Negative: technology 
investment;
Positive: risk mitigation 
and operational continuity.
12 Corporate & 
Sustainability 
Governance
Risk / 
Opportunity
Strong governance is critical 
for regulatory compliance, ESG 
integration, and stakeholder 
confidence.
Board-level oversight, ESG 
policies, internal controls, and 
transparent disclosures aligned 
with BRSR/GRI.
Positive: investor 
confidence,	compliance	
assurance;
Negative: governance 
cost.
13 Business 
Performance & 
Resilience
Opportunity Ability to sustain growth amidst 
market volatility, global demand 
shifts, and economic cycles is 
critical.
Diversified	customer	base,	export	
strategy, cost optimisation, and 
operational	efficiency	initiatives.
Positive: stable revenue, 
long-term growth.
71
Annual Report 2025-26
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 118STATUTORY REPORTS22CORPORATE OVERVIEW01

--- page 64 ---
SECTION B: MANAGEMENT AND PROCESS DISCLOSURES
This section is aimed at helping businesses demonstrate the structures, policies and processes put in place towards adopting the NGRBC 
Principles and Core Elements.
Disclosure
Questions
P 1 P 2 P 3 P 4 P 5 P 6 P 7 P 8 P 9
Policy and management 
processes
1. a.  Whether your 
entity’s policy/
policies cover each 
principle and its 
core elements of the 
NGRBCs.	(Yes/No)
Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes
 b.   Has the policy been 
approved by the 
Board?	(Yes/No)
Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes
 c.   Web Link of the 
Policies, if available
https://www.rammingmass.com/our-policies.php#investor-tab
Materiality Policy https://www.rammingmass.
com/pdf/materiality-policy.
pdf
https://www.rammingmass.com/pdf/ESG%20POLICY.pdf
https://www.rammingmass.com/pdf/sexualharrasmentpolicies.pdf
https://www.rammingmass.com/pdf/dividend-distribution-policy.pdf
https://www.rammingmass.com/pdf/sexualharrasmentpolicies.pdf
https://www.rammingmass.com/pdf/SUSTAINABILITY%20POLICY.pdf
https://www.rammingmass.com/pdf/dividend-distribution-policy.pdf
https://www.rammingmass.com/pdf/csr-policy-new.pdf
https://www.rammingmass.com/pdf/GREIVANCE%20REDRESSAL%20POLICY.pdf
Material Subsidiary Policy https://www.rammingmass.
com/pdf/Policy-for-
determining-material-
subsidiary.pdf
Raghav Nomination and 
Remuneration Policy
https://www.rammingmass.
com/pdf/raghav-nomination-
and-remmuneration-policy.
pdf
Related Party Policy https://www.rammingmass.
com/pdf/related-party-
policy.pdf
CSR Policies https://www.rammingmass.
com/pdf/csr-policy-new.pdf
RPEL Code of Conduct 
Policy
https://www.rammingmass.
com/pdf/RPEL%20Code%20
of%20Conduct%20Policy.pdf
RPEL Anti-Bribery Anti-
Corruption Policy
https://www.rammingmass.
com/pdf/RPEL%20Anti%20
Bribery%20%20Anti%20
Corruption%20Policy.pdf
Risk Management Policy https://www.rammingmass.
com/pdf/risk-managment-
policy.pdf
2.   Whether the entity has 
translated the policy into 
procedures.	(Yes	/	No)
Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes
3.   Do the enlisted policies 
extend	to	your	value	
chain	partners?	(Yes/
No)
Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes
4.			Name	of	the	national	
and international codes/
certifications/labels/	
standards adopted by 
your entity and mapped 
to each principle.
ISO	9001:2015
and
ISO	14001:2015
ISO  
9001:2015
ISO 
45001:2018
ISO 
14001:2015
ISO 
14001:2015
Raghav Productivity Enhancers Ltd.
72
Annual Report 2025-26

--- page 65 ---
Disclosure
Questions
P 1 P 2 P 3 P 4 P 5 P 6 P 7 P 8 P 9
5.	 	Specific	commitments,	
goals and targets set by 
the	entity	with	defined	
timelines, if any.
RPEL is committed to supporting India’s Net Zero ambition and continues to strengthen its sustainability approach 
through broader environmental, social and governance commitments aligned with the nature and scale of its operations. 
The	Company	aims	to	promote	resource	efficiency,	responsible	environmental	management,	waste	minimization,	
pollution control and sustainable operational practices. Further, RPEL remains focused on maintaining a safe workplace, 
employee development and wellbeing, while ensuring compliance with applicable laws and fostering transparent and 
ethical governance practices.
During	FY	2025–26,	the	Company	initiated	the	assessment	and	accounting	of	its	greenhouse	gas	emissions	covering	
Scope	1,	Scope	2	and	relevant	Scope	3	categories,	marking	an	important	first	step	in	strengthening	its	climate-related	
disclosures and sustainability journey. Going forward, the Company intends to progressively enhance ESG integration 
across its operations and continue improving its sustainability performance over time.
6.   Performance of the entity 
against	the	specific	
commitments, goals 
and targets along-with 
reasons in case the 
same are not met.
The Company has established a robust monitoring framework to track performance against its ESG commitments, 
goals, and targets on an ongoing basis. Any deviations from planned outcomes are systematically evaluated through 
structured root-cause analysis, followed by the implementation of appropriate corrective and preventive actions to ensure 
alignment	with	defined	objectives.	Further,	the	Company,	in	collaboration	with	its	key	stakeholders,	remains	committed	
to progressively strengthening and integrating ESG practices into its operations and decision-making processes.
Governance, Leadership and Oversight
7. Statement by director responsible for the business responsibility report, highlighting ESG related challenges, targets, and achievements:
  At Raghav Productivity Enhancers Ltd. (RPEL), we recognise that sustainable business growth is closely linked with responsible environmental 
stewardship,	social	wellbeing	and	strong	governance	practices.	In	the	backdrop	of	rapid	climate	change,	evolving	sustainability	expectations	and	
global commitments towards sustainable development, the Company remains committed to contributing responsibly towards India’s climate 
ambitions and supporting relevant Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) through its business operations.
	 	During	FY	2025–26,	the	Company	undertook	the	assessment	of	its	Scope	1	and	Scope	2	greenhouse	gas	emissions	as	an	initial	step	towards	
strengthening	climate-related	disclosures	and	enhancing	environmental	performance	monitoring.	The	Company	also	initiated	the	identification	
and assessment of relevant Scope 3 emission categories to progressively strengthen its greenhouse gas management framework. As part of its 
responsible	business	practices,	RPEL	continues	to	focus	on	efficient	resource	utilisation,	pollution	control	measures,	waste	management	and	
operational improvements aimed at supporting sustainable growth. Considering the nature of operations, water dependency remains limited, while 
resource	efficiency	continues	to	remain	an	important	area	of	focus.
  From a social perspective, the Company remains committed to maintaining safe and healthy workplaces, promoting employee wellbeing and 
strengthening	capability	development	through	continuous	learning	and	skill	enhancement	initiatives.	These	efforts	reflect	our	responsibility	
towards creating an inclusive and resilient workforce.
  Strong governance remains central to our sustainability journey. RPEL continues to uphold ethical business practices, regulatory compliance and 
transparent governance systems while progressively integrating ESG considerations into business decisions and operational processes.
  As climate-related challenges continue to evolve globally, we acknowledge the importance of responsible action, continuous improvement and 
long-term resilience. Going forward, the Company will continue to strengthen its sustainability practices in a phased and practical manner, 
contributing towards environmental responsibility, stakeholder value creation and alignment with broader sustainable development priorities.
8.  Details of the highest authority responsible for implementation and oversight of the Business Responsibility policy.
Particulars Details
Name Mr. Rajesh Kabra, 
Director of the Company is responsible for implementation and oversight of the Business Responsibility 
Policy(ies)
Telephone 0141-2235760
Email ID director@rammingmass.com
9.   Does the entity have a specified Committee of the Board/ Director responsible for decision making on sustainability related issues? (Yes / 
No). If yes, provide details.
	 	The	Company	does	not	currently	have	a	dedicated	Committee	of	the	Board	or	a	specifically	designated	Director	exclusively	responsible	for	
sustainability-related decision-making. However, sustainability and ESG-related matters are overseen by the Board of Directors as part of the 
overall governance framework and are integrated into key business decisions. The Company is in the process of progressively strengthening its 
ESG governance structure in line with evolving regulatory requirements and best practices.
73
Annual Report 2025-26
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 118STATUTORY REPORTS22CORPORATE OVERVIEW01

--- page 66 ---
NGRBC Review Details
10.  Details of Review of NGRBCs by The Company:
Subjects for Review Indicate whether review was undertaken by 
Director / Committee of the Board/
Any other Committee
Frequency
(Annually/ Half yearly/ Quarterly/
Any other – please specify)
P1 P2 P3 P4 P5 P6 P7 P8 P9 P1 P2 P3 P4 P5 P6 P7 P8 P9
Performance against above 
policies and follow up action
The Company conducts periodic internal audits 
and evaluations across its operations to assess 
compliance with established policies and 
procedures.	Any	gaps	identified	are	addressed	
through timely corrective actions and continuous 
monitoring to ensure effective implementation and 
adherence.
Half-yearly 
Compliance with statutory 
requirements of relevance to the 
principles,	and	rectification	of	any	
non- compliances
The Company ensures strict compliance with all 
applicable statutory requirements relevant to the 
NGRBC principles. Robust internal controls and 
monitoring mechanisms are embedded within 
day-to-day operations to prevent instances of non-
compliance. In the event of any deviations, timely 
corrective actions are undertaken to ensure prompt 
rectification	and	sustained	compliance.
Quarterly
11.   Has the entity carried out independent assessment/ evaluation 
of the working of its policies by an external agency? (Yes/No). 
If yes, provide name of the agency.
P1 P2 P3 P4 P5 P6 P7 P8 P9
No,	the	Company	has	not	engaged	an	external	agency	for	an	independent	
assessment of its policies; however, it upholds strong governance through 
regular internal audits to ensure continuous compliance, effectiveness, and 
improvement.
12.  If answer to question (1) above is “No” i.e., not all Principles are covered by a policy, reasons to be stated:
Questions P1 P2 P3 P4 P5 P6 P7 P8 P9
The	entity	does	not	consider	the	principles	material	to	its	business	(Yes/No)
N/A
The entity is not at a stage where it is in a position to formulate and implement the policies 
on	specified	principles	(Yes/No)
The	entity	does	not	have	the	financial	or/human	and	technical	resources	available	for	the	
task	(Yes/No)
It	is	planned	to	be	done	in	the	next	financial	year.	(Yes/No)
Any other reason (please specify)
Raghav Productivity Enhancers Ltd.
74
Annual Report 2025-26

--- page 67 ---
SECTION C: PRINCIPLE WISE PERFORMANCE DISCLOSURE
PRINCIPLE 1: BUSINESSES SHOULD CONDUCT AND GOVERN THEMSELVES WITH INTEGRITY , 
AND IN A MANNER THAT IS ETHICAL, TRANSPARENT AND ACCOUNTABLE
Overview	/	Objective	-	This	principle	reflects	the	Company’s	commitment	to	upholding	strong	ethical	values,	transparency,	and	accountability	across	
all its operations and stakeholder interactions. By fostering a culture of integrity and implementing robust governance mechanisms, the Company 
demonstrates	a	good	faith	effort	to	prevent	unethical	or	unlawful	conduct,	thereby	mitigating	potential	financial	and	reputational	risks	associated	with	
regulatory	non-compliance.	This	approach	is	aligned	with	SDG	16	–	Peace,	Justice	and	Strong	Institutions,	reinforcing	the	Company’s	commitment	to	
responsible and ethical business practices.
ESSENTIAL INDICATORS- IMPORTANCE TO INVESTORS:
1. Percentage coverage by training and awareness programs on any of the principles during the year:
Segment
Total Number 
of training and 
awareness 
programs held
Topics / principles covered under the training and its impact % of person in 
respective category 
covered by the 
awareness programs
Board of Directors 2 All members of the Board and Key Managerial Personnel undergo 
mandatory	and	role-specific	training	programs	aligned	with	their	
responsibilities. These training initiatives are conducted on an ongoing 
basis throughout the year to ensure continuous development and 
effective governance.
1. ESG Strategy and Implementation
2. Code of Business Conduct and Ethics.
3. Familiarization Programs for Independent Directors
4.	 Awareness	on	Regulatory	Updates
100%
Key Managerial 
Personnel
2 100%
Employees other than 
BOD and KMPs
9 1. Fire Safety Awareness
2. Mental Health & Stress Management Sessions
3. Insider Training Awareness
4.	 Data	Privacy	and	Cyber	Security
5.	 Human	Rights	Trainings
6. Diversity, Equity & Inclusion Sensitization
7. Financial Literacy and Personal Finance Management
100%
Workers 21 1. Right to safe and healthy working conditions
2. Fire Safety Awareness
3. POSH Training
4.	 Diversity,	Equity	and	Inclusion
5.	 Freedom	from	forced	labour	and	child	labour
6. Prevention of harassment and workplace violence and many more
100%
2.  Details of fines /penalties /punishment/ award/ compounding fees/ settlement amount paid in proceedings (by the entity or by directors 
/ KMPs) with regulators/ law enforcement agencies/ judicial institutions, in the financial year, in the following format (Note: the entity 
shall make disclosures on the basis of materiality as specified in Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Obligations) 
Regulations, 2015 and as disclosed on the entity’s website):
	 	No	monetary	penalties,	fines,	settlements	or	compounding	fees	were	imposed	on	the	Company	or	its	Directors/KMPs	by	any	regulatory,	law	
enforcement	or	judicial	authority	during	FY	2025-26.	No	non-monetary	actions	(imprisonment/punishment)	were	levied.
Monetary
NGRBC
Principle
Name of the regulatory/ 
enforcement agencies/ 
judicial institutions
Amount (in 
INR)
Brief of the Case Has an appeal been 
preferred? (Yes/No)
Penalty / Fine - - - - -
Settlement - - - - -
Compounding Fee - - - - -
75
Annual Report 2025-26
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 118STATUTORY REPORTS22CORPORATE OVERVIEW01

--- page 68 ---
Non-Monetary
NGRBC
Principle
Name of the 
regulatory/ 
enforcement agencies/ 
judicial institutions
Brief of the case Has an appeal been 
preferred? (Yes/No)
Imprisonment - - - -
Punishment - - - -
3.  Of the instances disclosed in Question 2 above, details of the Appeal/ Revision preferred in cases where monetary or non-monetary action 
has been appealed.
Case Details Name of the regulatory/ enforcement agencies/ judicial institutions
Not Applicable
4. Does the entity have an anti-corruption or anti-bribery policy? If yes, provide details in brief and if available, provide a web-link to the policy.
	 	Yes.	Raghav	Productivity	Enhancers	Ltd.	is	committed	to	upholding	the	highest	standards	of	integrity	and	ethical	conduct	across	its	operations.	
The Company has established an Anti-Corruption and Anti-Bribery framework, which outlines clear guidelines on prohibited practices, including 
bribery and facilitation payments.
  To reinforce this commitment, periodic awareness and training programs are conducted for employees and relevant stakeholders to ensure 
understanding	and	adherence	to	ethical	practices.	The	Company	also	extends	these	standards	to	its	business	partners	and	vendors,	with	
compliance	monitored	through	internal	controls,	audits,	and	review	mechanisms,	reflecting	a	zero-tolerance	approach	towards	corruption	and	
unethical behaviour.
  Web link for the policy –
 	https://www.rammingmass.com/pdf/RPEL%20Anti%20Bribery%20%20Anti%20Corruption%20Policy.pdf
5.  Number of Directors/KMPs/employees/workers against whom disciplinary action was taken by any law enforcement agency for the charges 
of bribery/ corruption:
  Raghav Productivity Enhancers Ltd. follows a zero-tolerance approach towards bribery and corruption, which is embedded within its governance 
and ethical framework. The Company maintains robust internal controls, periodic audits, and compliance monitoring mechanisms to ensure 
adherence to applicable anti-corruption laws and regulations.
  During the reporting period, no instances have been reported where any Director, Key Managerial Personnel (KMP), employee, or worker has 
faced disciplinary action by any law enforcement agency on account of bribery or corruption.
	 	The	Company	has	also	established	a	confidential	whistleblower	mechanism	to	enable	reporting	of	unethical	practices,	thereby	reinforcing	a	
culture of integrity, transparency, and accountability across its operations.
FY 2025-26
(Current Financial 
Year)
FY 2024-25
(Previous Financial 
Year)
Directors - -
KMPs - -
Employees - -
Workers - -
6. Details of complaints with regard to conflict of interest:
  Raghav Productivity Enhancers Ltd. is committed to maintaining high standards of ethical conduct and transparency in all business decisions. 
Directors,	employees,	and	relevant	stakeholders	are	required	to	disclose	any	actual	or	potential	conflicts	of	interest	in	accordance	with	the	
Company’s Code of Conduct, ensuring accountability and integrity in operations.
	 	During	the	reporting	period,	no	formal	complaints	relating	to	conflict	of	interest	were	reported.	The	Company	continues	to	promote	a	culture	of	
ethical	behavior	and	ensures	that	any	potential	conflicts	are	appropriately	disclosed	and	addressed	through	established	internal	mechanisms.
Raghav Productivity Enhancers Ltd.
76
Annual Report 2025-26

--- page 69 ---
FY 2025-26
(Current Financial Year)
FY 2024-25
(Previous Financial Year)
Number Remarks Number Remarks
Number of complaints related to issues of 
Interest of the Directors
- - - -
Number of complaints related to issues of 
Interest of the KMPs
- - - -
7.  Provide details of any corrective action taken or underway on issues related to fines/ penalties/ action taken by regulators/ law enforcement 
agencies/ judicial institutions, on cases of corruption and conflicts of interest.
 Not applicable, as the Company has not encountered any such situations.
8. Number of days of accounts payables ((Accounts payable *365) / Cost of goods/services procured) in the following format:
FY 2025-26
(Current Financial 
Year)
FY 2024-25
(Previous Financial 
Year)
Number of days of accounts payables 64 113
9.  Open-ness of business- Provide details of concentration of purchases and sales with trading houses, dealers, and related parties along-with 
loans and advances & investments, with related parties, in the following format:
Parameter Metrics FY 2025-26  
(Current Financial 
Year)
FY 2024-25  
(Previous Financial 
Year)
Concentration of 
Purchases
a.			Purchases	from	trading	houses	as	%	of	total	purchases - -
b.   Number of *trading houses where purchases are made from - -
c.			Purchases	from	top	10	trading	houses	as	%	of	total	
purchases from trading houses
- -
Concentration of Sales** a.		Sales	to	dealers	/	distributors	as	%	of	total	sales - -
b.   Number of dealers / distributors to whom sales are made - -
c.			Sales	to	top	10	dealers	/	distributors	as	%	of	total	sales	to	
dealers / distributors
- -
Share of RPTs in a.  Purchases
 (Purchases with related parties / Total Purchases)
- 23%
b.  Sales
 (Sales to related parties / Total Sales)
- 0.92%
a.  Investments (Investments in related parties / Total 
Investments made)
61.58% 65.63%
d.   Loans & advances (Loans & advances given to related 
parties / Total loans & advances)
9.20% 91.47%
  *A “trading house” is a specialized legal entity primarily engaged in the business of export, import, and/or domestic trade of goods and services, facilitating such 
import, export and/or domestic trade and providing related services to support these transactions. 
  The Company does not undertake any direct export or import transactions through trading houses during the reporting period
  **All material is sold directly to secondary steel plants/foundry units.
LEADERSHIP INDICATORS (GOOD GOVERNANCE)
1. Awareness programmes conducted for value chain partners on any of the principles during the financial year:
Total number of awareness
programmes held
Topics / principles covered under the 
training
%age of value chain partners covered (by 
value of business done with such partners) 
under the awareness programmes
Nil
77
Annual Report 2025-26
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 118STATUTORY REPORTS22CORPORATE OVERVIEW01

--- page 70 ---
2.  Does the entity have processes in place to avoid/ manage conflict of interests involving members of the Board? (Yes/No) If yes, provide 
details of the same.
	 	Yes.	Raghav	Productivity	Enhancers	Ltd.	has	established	processes	to	identify	and	manage	conflicts	of	interest	involving	members	of	the	Board	as	
part of its governance framework. The Company’s Code of Conduct requires Directors and Senior Management to disclose any actual or potential 
conflicts	of	interest.	Such	disclosures	are	reviewed	at	the	appropriate	level,	including	by	the	Board	where	necessary,	to	ensure	transparency	
and appropriate decision-making. This structured approach, supported by internal controls and a whistleblower mechanism, enables timely 
identification	and	resolution	of	conflicts,	ensuring	that	the	Company	operates	with	integrity	and	in	the	best	interests	of	its	stakeholders.
	 	Our	Code	of	Conduct	reflects	our	commitment	to	integrity	and	responsible	decision-making,	and	is	publicly	available	on	our	website:	-	 
https://www.rammingmass.com/pdf/RPEL%20Code%20of%20Conduct%20Policy.pdf
PRINCIPLE 2: BUSINESSES SHOULD PROVIDE GOODS AND SERVICES IN A MANNER THAT 
IS SUSTAINABLE AND SAFE.
Overview / Objective: This principle focuses on promoting the provision of goods and services in a manner that is both sustainable and safe. 
It emphasizes the importance of supporting local suppliers, particularly those from vulnerable or marginalized groups, and critically evaluating 
procurement practices. This includes assessing aspects such as supplier lead times and negotiated purchasing prices, which could potentially lead to 
negative environmental or supply chain impacts. By aligning with various Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs), it highlights the organization's role 
in contributing to global sustainability objectives, such as ensuring access to clean energy, promoting decent work, reducing inequalities, and taking 
action on climate change, among others.
ESSENTIAL INDICATORS – IMPORTANCE TO INVESTORS
1.  Percentage of R&D and capital expenditure (capex) investments in specific technologies to improve the environmental and social impacts 
of product and processes to total R&D and capex investments made by the entity, respectively.
FY 2025-26
(Current Financial 
Year)
FY 2024-25
(Previous Financial 
Year)
Details of Improvements in
Environmental and social impacts
R&D 100% 100% All	R&D	expenses	are	done	towards	improving	product	quality	and	new	product	
development. All of company’s products are directly used by steel recycling 
plants to reduce electricity consumption in induction furnace-based steel plants 
thereby reducing GHG emission.
Capex - - -
2. a.  Does the entity have procedures in place for sustainable sourcing? (Yes/No)
	 		 		Raghav	Productivity	Enhancers	Ltd.	does	not	currently	have	a	formal	policy	or	defined	procedures	in	place	for	sustainable	sourcing.	
The Company procures raw materials based on operational and commercial considerations while ensuring compliance with applicable 
statutory and regulatory requirements.
     The Company recognises the importance of sustainable sourcing and may progressively evaluate the integration of ESG considerations into 
its	procurement	practices	in	line	with	evolving	business	needs	and	regulatory	expectations.
 b.  If yes, what percentage of inputs were sourced sustainably?
  Not applicable.
Raghav Productivity Enhancers Ltd.
78
Annual Report 2025-26

--- page 71 ---
3.  Describe the processes in place to safely reclaim your products for reusing, recycling and disposing at the end of life, for (a) Plastics 
(including packaging) (b) E-waste (c) Hazardous waste and (d) other waste.
  Raghav Productivity Enhancers Ltd. operates in the refractory materials segment, where its primary product, silica ramming mass, is used as 
a furnace lining material and is typically consumed during the metal melting process. Given the nature of the product, there is no direct product 
take-back or end-of-life reclamation mechanism, as the material becomes part of the industrial process.
4.  Whether Extended Producer Responsibility (EPR) is applicable to the entity’s activities (Yes/ No). If yes, whether the waste collection plan 
is in line with the Extended Producer Responsibility (EPR) plan submitted to Pollution Control Boards? If not, provide steps taken to address 
the same.
 Not Applicable.
LEADERSHIP INDICATORS (GOOD GOVERNANCE)
1.  Has the entity conducted Life Cycle Perspective / Assessments (LCA) for any of its products (for manufacturing industry) or for its services 
(for service industry)? If yes, provide details in the following format?
NIC Code Name of Product/
Service
% of total
Turnover
contributed
Boundary for which the 
Life Cycle Perspective / 
Assessment was conducted
Whether conducted by 
independent external 
agency
(Yes/No)
Results communicated in 
public domain (Yes/No). If 
yes, provide the web-link.
Nil
2.  If there are any significant social or environmental concerns and/or risks arising from production or disposal of your products / services, as 
identified in the Life Cycle Perspective / Assessments (LCA) or through any other means, briefly describe the same along-with action taken 
to mitigate the same.
Name of Product / Service Description of the risk / concern Action Taken
Nil
3.  Percentage of recycled or reused input material to total material used in production (for manufacturing industry) or providing services (for 
service industry).
Indicate input material Recycled or re-used input material to total 
material
FY 2025-26
(Current Financial 
Year)
FY 2024-25
(Previous Financial 
Year)
Nil
4.  Of the products and packaging reclaimed at end of life of products, amount (in metric tonnes) reused, recycled, and safely disposed, as per 
the following format:
FY 2025-26
(Current Financial Year)
FY 2024-25
(Previous Financial Year)
Re-Used Recycled Safely
Disposed
Re-Used Recycled Safely
Disposed
Plastics
(including packaging)
- - - - - -
E-waste - - - - - -
Hazardous - - - - - -
Other waste - - - - - -
5. Reclaimed products and their packaging materials (as percentage of products sold) for each product category.
Indicate product category Reclaimed products and their packaging materials as % of 
total products sold in respective category
Nil
79
Annual Report 2025-26
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 118STATUTORY REPORTS22CORPORATE OVERVIEW01

--- page 72 ---
PRINCIPLE 3: BUSINESSES SHOULD RESPECT AND PROMOTE THE WELL-BEING OF ALL 
EMPLOYEES, INCLUDING THOSE IN THEIR VALUE CHAINS.
Objective - This principle emphasizes the importance of creating a work environment that prioritizes the well-being of all employees and value 
chain	partners,	fostering	an	inclusive	and	non-discriminatory	culture.	It	recognizes	that	employee	well-being	extends	to	their	families,	highlighting	the	
importance of a positive work environment, fair treatment, and equitable opportunities for all. By promoting policies and practices that support health, 
safety,	education,	and	economic	growth,	businesses	contribute	to	the	overall	well-being	of	their	workforce.	This	principle	aligns	with	several	SDGs:	
Goal	1	(No	Poverty),	Goal	2	(Zero	Hunger),	Goal	3	(Good	Health	and	Well-being),	Goal	4	(Quality	Education),	Goal	5	(Gender	Equality),	Goal	8	(Decent	
Work	and	Economic	Growth),	Goal	10	(Reduced	Inequality),	Goal	11	(Sustainable	Cities	and	Communities),	and	Goal	16	(Peace,	Justice,	and	Strong	
Institutions). These goals underscore the business’s role in fostering inclusive and sustainable development within its workforce and beyond.
ESSENTIAL INDICATORS – IMPORTANCE TO INVESTORS
1. (a). Details of measures for the well-being of employees:
Category % of employees covered by
Total (A) Health
Insurance
Accident
Insurance
Maternity
Benefits
Paternity
Benefits
Day Care Facilities
Number
(B)
%
(B/A)
Number
(C)
%
(C/A)
Number (D) %
(D/A)
Number
(E)
%
(E/A)
Number
(F)
% (F/A)
Permanent Employees
Male 11 11 100% 11 100% 0 0% 11 100% 0 0%
Female 3 3 100% 3 100% 3 100% 0 0% 0 0%
Total 14 14 100% 14 100% 3 100% 11 100% 0 0%
Other than Permanent Employees
Male 0 0 0% 0 0% 0 0% 0 0% 0 0%
Female 0 0 0% 0 0% 0 0% 0 0% 0 0%
Total 0 0 0% 0 0% 0 0% 0 0% 0 0%
 (b). Details of measures for the well-being of workers:
Category % of workers covered by
Total
(A)
Health
Insurance
Accident
Insurance
Maternity
Benefits
Paternity
Benefits
Day Care Facilities
Number
(B)
%
(B/A)
Number
(C)
%
(C/A)
Number 
(D)
%
(D/A)
Number
(E)
%
(E/A)
Number
(F)
% (F/A)
Permanent Workers
Male 45 45 100% 45 100% 0 0% 45 100% 0 0%
Female 0 0 0% 0 0% 0 0% 0 0% 0 0%
Total 45 45 100% 45 100% 0 0% 45 100% 0 0%
Other than Permanent Workers
Male 0 0 0% 0 0% 0 0% 0 0% 0 0%
Female 0 0 0% 0 0% 0 0% 0 0% 0 0%
Total 0 0 0% 0 0% 0 0% 0 0% 0 0%
Raghav Productivity Enhancers Ltd.
80
Annual Report 2025-26

--- page 73 ---
  (c) Spending on measures towards well-being of employees and workers (including permanent and other than permanent) in the following 
format –
FY 2025-26
(Current Financial 
Year)
FY 2024-25
(Previous Financial 
Year)
Cost	incurred	on	well-being	measures	as	a	%	of	total	revenue	of	the	Company 0.01% 0.01%
2. Details of retirement benefits, for Current Financial Year and Previous Financial Year:
Benefits FY 2025-26
(Current Financial Year)
FY 2024-25
(Previous Financial Year)
No. of employees 
covered as 
a % of total 
employees
No. of workers 
covered as a 
% of
total workers
Deducted and 
deposited with 
the
authority
(Y/N/N.A.)
No. of employees 
covered as 
a % of total 
employees
No. of
workers covered 
as a
% of total
workers
Deducted and 
deposited with 
the authority 
(Y/N/N.A.)
PF 21.42% 6.67% Yes 66.67% 80% Yes
Gratuity 100% 100% NA 100% 100% Yes
ESI 7.14% 62.23% Yes 10% 76.40% Yes
	 	Note:	The	number	of	employees	and	workers	covered	under	PF	and	ESI	remained	limited	as	a	significant	portion	of	the	workforce	falls	above	the	prescribed	
statutory wage eligibility thresholds due to increased compensation levels.
3. Accessibility of workplaces
  Are the premises / offices of the entity accessible to differently abled employees and workers, as per the requirements of the Rights of 
Persons with Disabilities Act, 2016? If not, whether any steps are being taken by the entity in this regard.
	 	Yes,	the	Company	promotes	diversity	and	inclusion	and	ensures	that	its	offices	and	manufacturing	facilities	are	accessible	to	differently-abled	
individuals,	in	compliance	with	the	Rights	of	Persons	with	Disabilities	Act,	2016.	It	values	the	unique	abilities	of	such	individuals	and	fosters	an	
inclusive and supportive work environment in line with its ESG commitments.
4.  Does the entity have an equal opportunity policy as per the Rights of Persons with Disabilities Act, 2016? If so, provide a web-link to the 
policy.
	 	Yes.	Raghav	Productivity	Enhancers	Ltd.	has	established	Diversity,	Equity	&	Inclusion	Policy	in	line	with	the	Rights	of	Persons	with	Disabilities	
Act,	2016.	The	policy	promotes	non-discrimination,	equal	employment	opportunities,	and	inclusion	across	all	stages	of	employment,	including	
recruitment, development, and career progression. It also provides for reasonable accommodations and an accessible work environment, 
ensuring a fair and supportive workplace for all employees.
  Weblink of the Policy - https://www.rammingmass.com/pdf/INCLUSION%20AND%20EQUITY%20POLICY.pdf
5. Return to work and Retention rates of permanent employees and workers that took parental leave.
Gender Permanent employees Permanent Workers
Return to work rate Retention Rate Return to work rate Retention Rate
Male - - - -
Female - - - -
Total - - - -
81
Annual Report 2025-26
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 118STATUTORY REPORTS22CORPORATE OVERVIEW01

--- page 74 ---
6.  Is there a mechanism available to receive and redress grievances for the following categories of employees and workers? If yes, give 
details of the mechanism in brief.
	 	Yes.	Raghav	Productivity	Enhancers	Ltd.	has	established	a	formal	grievance	redressal	mechanism	applicable	to	all	categories	of	employees	and	
workers. Grievances can be raised through designated channels such as email or phone during working hours. All concerns are reviewed and 
investigated	by	the	designated	authority	within	defined	timelines,	and	appropriate	actions	are	taken	to	ensure	fair	and	transparent	resolution.	
The mechanism is subject to periodic review to enhance its effectiveness.
Yes/No  
(If yes, then give details of the mechanism in brief)
Permanent Workers Yes
Other than Permanent Workers NA
Permanent Employees Yes
Other than Permanent Employees NA
7. Membership of employees and worker in association(s) or Unions recognized by the listed entity:
Category FY 2025-26
(Current Financial Year)
FY 2024-25
(Previous Financial Year)
Total employees/ 
workers in 
respective 
category
(A)
No. of 
employees/
workers in 
respective 
category, who 
are part of 
association(s) or 
union.
(B)
%
(B/A)
Total employees/ 
Workers in 
respective 
category
(C)
No. of employees
/Workers in 
respective 
category, who 
are part of
association(s) or 
Union
(D)
%
(D/C)
Total Permanent 
Employees
14 0 0% 15 0 0%
Male 11 0 0% 11 0 0%
Female 3 0 0% 4 0 0%
Total Permanent Workers 45 0 0% 89 0 0%
Male 45 0 0% 89 0 0%
Female 0 0 0% 0 0 0%
8. Details of training given to employees and workers:
Category
FY 2025-26
(Current Financial Year)
FY 2024-25
(Previous Financial Year)
Total (A) On Health and Safety On Skill Upgradation Total (D) On Health and Safety On Skill Upgradation
No.
(B)
%
(B/A)
No.
(C)
%
(C/A)
No.
(E)
%
(E/D)
No.
(F)
%
(F/D)
Employees
Male 11 8 72.73% 11 100% 11 7 63.63% 11 100%
Female 3 3 100% 3 100% 4 3 75% 4 100%
Total 14 11 78.57% 14 100% 15 10 66.66% 15 100%
Workers
Male 45 0 0% 0 0% 89 0 0% 0 0%
Female 0 0 0% 0 0% 0 0 0% 0 0%
Total 45 0 0% 0 0% 89 0 0% 0 0%
Raghav Productivity Enhancers Ltd.
82
Annual Report 2025-26

--- page 75 ---
9. Details of performance and career development reviews of employees and worker:
Category FY 2025-26
(Current Financial Year)
FY 2024-25
(Previous Financial Year)
Total (A) No. (B) % (B /A) Total(C) No.(D) % (D/C)
Employees
Male 11 11 100% 11 11 100%
Female 3 3 100% 4 4 100%
Total 14 14 100% 15 15 100%
Workers
Male 45 45 100% 89 64 71.91%
Female 0 0 0% 0 0 0%
Total 45 45 100% 89 64 71.91%
10. Health and safety management system:
 a.   Whether an occupational health and safety management system has been implemented by the entity? (Yes/ No). If yes, the coverage 
of such a system?
	 		 		Yes.	Raghav	Productivity	Enhancers	Ltd.	has	implemented	a	structured	Occupational	Health	and	Safety	(OHS)	management	system	
across its operations. The system covers all manufacturing units and employees, including contract workers, and focuses on proactive 
risk	identification,	incident	prevention,	and	regulatory	compliance.	It	includes	defined	safety	procedures,	regular	training	and	awareness	
programs, risk assessments, workplace inspections, and formal incident reporting and investigation processes. The system is overseen by 
a	designated	Safety	Officer	along	with	plant	management,	ensuring	effective	implementation	and	continuous	improvement.
 b. What are the processes used to identify work-related hazards and assess risks on a routine and non-routine basis by the entity?
     The Company has established structured processes to identify work-related hazards and assess risks across both routine and non-routine 
activities.	A	designated	Safety	Officer	oversees	hazard	identification,	risk	assessment,	and	mitigation	measures	at	the	plant	level.	Safe	work	
procedures	are	defined	for	all	critical	operations,	supported	by	regular	training	and	awareness	programs.
	 		 		Periodic	workplace	inspections,	along	with	internal	and	external	audits,	are	conducted	to	identify	potential	risks,	with	findings	reviewed	
by management for timely corrective action. Additionally, employees are encouraged to report unsafe conditions or practices, ensuring 
proactive	risk	identification	and	continuous	improvement	in	workplace	safety.
 c. Whether you have processes for workers to report the work-related hazards and to remove themselves from such risks. (Y/N)
	 	 	Yes.	Raghav	Productivity	Enhancers	Ltd.	has	established	processes	that	enable	workers	to	report	work-related	hazards	and,	where	
necessary, remove themselves from unsafe situations. Employees are encouraged to promptly report safety concerns to the designated 
Safety	Officer,	who	ensures	timely	evaluation	and	corrective	action.	The	Company	fosters	a	safety-first	culture,	allowing	such	reporting	
without fear of retaliation.
 d. Do the employees/ worker of the entity have access to non-occupational medical and healthcare services? (Yes/No)
	 		 		Yes.	Raghav	Productivity	Enhancers	Ltd.	provides	employees	and	workers	with	access	to	non-occupational	medical	and	healthcare	
services. This includes coverage under statutory schemes such as ESI, along with access to empaneled healthcare facilities. The Company 
also conducts periodic health check-ups and awareness programs, ensuring overall employee well-being and preparedness for 
medical emergencies.
11. Details of safety related incidents, in the following format:
Safety Incident / Number Category FY 2025-26
(Current Financial Year)
FY 2024-25
(Previous Financial Year)
Lost Time Injury Frequency Rate (L TIFR) (per one million-person 
hours worked)
Employees - -
Workers *20.29 2.6
Total recordable work-related injuries Employees - -
Workers 4 1
No. of Fatalities Employees - -
Workers - -
High	consequence	work-related	injury	or	ill-health	(excluding	
fatalities)
Employees - -
Workers - -
	 	*	The	increase	in	LTIFR	during	the	reporting	period	was	primarily	influenced	by	a	reduction	in	workforce	strength	and				corresponding	person-hours	worked	
compared to the previous year, impacting the frequency rate calculation.
83
Annual Report 2025-26
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 118STATUTORY REPORTS22CORPORATE OVERVIEW01

--- page 76 ---
12. Describe the measures taken by the entity to ensure a safe and healthy workplace.
  Raghav Productivity Enhancers Ltd. is committed to providing a safe and healthy workplace for all employees, contractors, and on-site personnel 
by adhering to applicable occupational health and safety regulations and implementing preventive risk management practices. The Company has 
established	defined	safety	procedures	and	protocols,	supported	by	safety	induction	programs	for	new	employees	and	role-specific	training.
  The Company ensures continuous training and awareness programs for employees to strengthen safety culture, enhance hazard recognition, and 
promote adherence to safe work practices. Appropriate personal protective equipment (PPE) is provided based on the nature of operations, and 
its usage is monitored to ensure effectiveness.
  Further, the Company conducts periodic workplace inspections, risk assessments, and health monitoring initiatives to proactively identify 
and mitigate potential hazards. All incidents are formally recorded and investigated to determine root causes and implement corrective and 
preventive actions.
	 	These	measures	are	supported	by	ongoing	monitoring	and	review	mechanisms,	reinforcing	a	safety-first	culture	and	promoting	overall	employee	
health, well-being, and operational reliability.
 13. Number of Complaints on the following made by employees and workers:
FY 2025-26
(Current Financial Year)
FY 2024-25
(Previous Financial Year)
Filed during the 
year
Pending 
resolution at the 
end of year
Remarks Filed during the 
year
Pending 
resolution at the 
end of year
Remarks
Working Conditions 5 0 Resolved 6 0 Resolved
Health & Safety 4 0 Resolved 4 0 Resolved
14. Assessments for the year:
% of your plants and offices that were assessed
(By entity or statutory authorities or third parties)
Health and Safety Practices 100%
Working Condition 100%
15.  Provide details of any corrective action taken or underway to address safety-related incidents (if any) and on significant risks / concerns 
arising from assessments of health & safety practices and working conditions.
  Raghav Productivity Enhancers Ltd. is committed to maintaining a safe and healthy workplace and has implemented structured processes to 
identify, report, and address safety-related incidents and risks across its operations.
  1.  Incident Reporting and Response:
	 	 	All	safety-related	incidents	are	reported	to	the	designated	Safety	Officer.	The	Company	follows	a	structured	approach	for	incident	reporting,	
ensuring timely corrective actions and basic root-cause analysis where applicable.
  2.  Proactive Risk Mitigation:
   Periodic inspections are conducted to identify potential hazards. Observations are addressed through corrective actions, including 
strengthening safety procedures and improving operational practices.
  3.  Health & Safety Assessments:
	 	 	The	Company	undertakes	periodic	internal	assessments	of	workplace	safety	and	compliance	with	applicable	regulations.	External	reviews	
may be conducted, where required, to support ongoing improvements.
  4.  Employee Training and Awareness:
   Regular safety training and awareness programs are conducted to educate employees on safe work practices and encourage reporting of 
unsafe conditions.
 5.  Monitoring and Continuous Improvement:
   Corrective actions arising from inspections or incidents are tracked for closure. The Company undertakes periodic reviews to improve safety 
practices and maintain compliance with applicable standards.
Raghav Productivity Enhancers Ltd.
84
Annual Report 2025-26

--- page 77 ---
LEADERSHIP INDICATORS (GOOD GOVERNANCE)
1. Does the entity extend any life insurance or any compensatory package in the event of death of (A) Employees (Y/N) (B) Workers (Y/N).
	 (A)	 	 Employees	–	Yes
	 (B)		 Workers	–	Yes
	 	Raghav	Productivity	Enhancers	Ltd.	provides	insurance	coverage	to	its	employees	and	workers,	including	accident	insurance	that	extends	to	
cases	of	death.	These	arrangements	are	in	place	to	ensure	financial	support	to	beneficiaries	in	the	event	of	unforeseen	incidents,	in	line	with	
applicable practices and regulatory requirements.
2. Provide the measures undertaken by the entity to ensure that statutory dues have been deducted and deposited by the value chain partners.
  Raghav Productivity Enhancers Ltd. has established processes to encourage compliance by its value chain partners with applicable statutory 
requirements, including the deduction and deposit of statutory dues. The Company undertakes vendor due diligence, incorporates relevant 
compliance	clauses	in	agreements,	and	may	seek	periodic	confirmations	or	documentation,	as	applicable.
  However, the primary responsibility for deduction and timely remittance of statutory dues rests with the respective value chain partners in 
accordance with applicable laws.
3.  Provide the number of employees / workers having suffered high consequence work- related injury / ill-health / fatalities (as reported in 
Q11 of Essential Indicators above), who have been are rehabilitated and placed in suitable employment or whose family members have 
been placed in suitable employment:
Total no. of affected employees/ workers No. of employees/workers that are 
rehabilitated and placed in suitable 
employment or whose family members have 
been placed in suitable employment
FY 2025-26
(Current Financial
Year)
FY 2024-25
(Previous Financial 
Year)
FY 2025-26
(Current Financial
Year)
FY 2024-25
(Previous Financial 
Year)
Employees - - - -
Workers - - - -
4.  Does the entity provide transition assistance programs to facilitate continued employability and the management of career endings resulting 
from retirement or termination of employment? (Yes/ No)
 No.
5. Details on assessment of value chain partners:
% of value chain partners (by value of business done with 
such partners) that were assessed
Health and safety practices -
Working Conditions -
6.  Provide details of any corrective actions taken or underway to address significant risks / concerns arising from assessments of health and 
safety practices and working conditions of value chain partners
	 	No	significant	risks	or	concerns	were	identified	during	the	reporting	period	from	assessments	of	health	and	safety	practices	and	working	
conditions of value chain partners. Accordingly, no major corrective actions were required.
  The Company continues to engage with its value chain partners to encourage adherence to applicable health and safety standards and will 
undertake appropriate corrective measures, as necessary, based on ongoing assessments.
85
Annual Report 2025-26
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 118STATUTORY REPORTS22CORPORATE OVERVIEW01

--- page 78 ---
PRINCIPLE 4: BUSINESSES SHOULD RESPECT THE INTERESTS OF AND BE RESPONSIVE TO 
ALL THEIR STAKEHOLDERS.
Overview / Objective: This principle emphasizes the importance of engaging with a diverse range of stakeholders, ensuring their interests are respected 
and responded to. By proactively engaging with stakeholders, an organization can identify both positive and negative impacts it may have, allowing 
for better-informed decision-making and fostering stronger relationships. These engagements help the organization align its business practices with 
societal	expectations,	ultimately	contributing	to	sustainable	growth.	This	principle	is	closely	aligned	with	several	Sustainable	Development	Goals	
(SDGs),	including	Goal	1:	No	Poverty,	Goal	5:	Gender	Equality,	Goal	11:	Sustainable	Cities	and	Communities,	and	Goal	16:	Peace,	Justice,	and	Strong	
Institutions, promoting a more inclusive and equitable business approach.
ESSENTIAL INDICATORS – IMPORTANCE TO INVESTORS
1. Describe the processes for identifying key stakeholder groups of the entity.
  Raghav Productivity Enhancers Ltd. follows a structured approach to identify and prioritise its key stakeholder groups as part of its commitment 
to	sustainable	and	responsible	business	practices.	Stakeholders	are	identified	based	on	their	level	of	influence	on	the	Company’s	operations	and	
the	extent	to	which	they	are	impacted	by	its	activities.
  The Company undertakes stakeholder mapping through internal assessments, considering factors such as business dependency, regulatory 
relevance,	operational	impact,	and	stakeholder	expectations.	Based	on	this	evaluation,	key	stakeholder	groups	are	identified	and	periodically	
reviewed to ensure continued relevance.
	 	RPEL	actively	engages	with	these	stakeholders	through	appropriate	communication	channels	to	understand	their	concerns,	expectations,	and	
feedback. This enables the Company to align its business strategies with stakeholder interests, strengthen relationships, and enhance long-term 
value creation while supporting sustainable growth.
2. List stakeholder groups identified as key for your entity and the frequency of engagement with each stakeholder group.
Stakeholder Group Whether Vulnerable 
& Marginalized (Yes/
No)
Channels of Communication Frequency of 
Engagement
Purpose and Scope of Engagement
Investors / Shareholders No Investor meetings, Annual 
Report, Sustainability 
disclosures, Website, 
Regulatory	filings
Annually / As 
required
To	communicate	financial	and	ESG	
performance, strategic direction, 
governance practices, and address 
investor	expectations	on	sustainable	
growth and transparency.
Employees & Workers No Emails, training programs, 
meetings, one-on-one 
interactions, grievance 
mechanism, notice boards
Ongoing 
(throughout the 
year)
To ensure employee well-being, 
safety awareness, skill development, 
performance alignment, and to gather 
feedback and address grievances.
Customers (Steel & 
Foundry Industry)
No Meetings, emails, customer 
feedback systems, technical 
support interactions
Quarterly / 
Ongoing
To understand customer 
requirements, ensure product quality 
and performance, enhance furnace 
efficiency,	and	build	long-term	
relationships.
Value Chain Partners 
(Suppliers & Vendors)
No Meetings, procurement 
interactions, audits/reviews, 
helpdesks
Periodic / 
Annually
To ensure quality, timely delivery, 
compliance with standards, and 
promote responsible sourcing and 
operational	efficiency.
Communities No CSR initiatives, community 
engagement programs, local 
interactions
As required To support community development, 
address local concerns, and 
contribute to social well-being through 
CSR initiatives.
Government & 
Regulatory Authorities
No Regulatory	filings,	inspections,	
audits,	meetings,	official	
communications
As required To ensure compliance with applicable 
laws, environmental and safety 
regulations,	taxation,	and	corporate	
governance requirements.
Raghav Productivity Enhancers Ltd.
86
Annual Report 2025-26

--- page 79 ---
LEADERSHIP INDICATORS (GOOD GOVERNANCE)
1.  Provide the processes for consultation between stakeholders and the Board on economic, environmental, and social topics or if consultation 
is delegated, how is feedback from such consultations provided to the Board.
  Raghav Productivity Enhancers Ltd. engages with its stakeholders through structured channels such as meetings, feedback mechanisms, and 
ongoing communications to understand their views on economic, environmental, and social matters. Inputs received from various stakeholder 
groups, including employees, customers, suppliers, communities, and regulators, are reviewed by the respective functional teams and senior 
management. Key insights and material concerns are subsequently escalated to the Board, as appropriate, for consideration in strategic 
decision-making.
	 	Separately,	shareholder-specific	interactions	are	conducted	through	formal	platforms	such	as	Annual	General	Meetings	(AGMs),	where	the	Board	
addresses	queries	related	to	financial	performance,	governance,	and	sustainability	disclosures.	Feedback	from	both	stakeholder	and	shareholder	
engagements is appropriately consolidated and considered to support informed, transparent, and balanced decision-making.
2.  Whether stakeholder consultation is used to support the identification and management of environmental, and social topics (Yes / No). If so, 
provide details of instances as to how the inputs received from stakeholders on these topics were incorporated into policies and activities 
of the entity.
	 	Yes.	Raghav	Productivity	Enhancers	Ltd.	undertakes	stakeholder	engagement	through	various	communication	channels	to	understand	expectations	
on environmental and social matters. Inputs received from stakeholders are reviewed by the relevant teams and considered, where applicable, in 
operational practices and decision-making.
	 	During	the	reporting	period,	no	significant	stakeholder	inputs	requiring	changes	to	existing	policies	or	practices	were	received.	The	Company	
remains committed to strengthening its stakeholder engagement processes and will incorporate relevant feedback into its policies and activities, 
as appropriate.
3. Provide details of instances of engagement with, and actions taken to, address the concerns of vulnerable/ marginalized stakeholder groups
	 	The	Company	has	not	identified	any	specific	vulnerable	or	marginalized	stakeholder	groups	requiring	targeted	engagement	during	the	reporting	
period. Accordingly, no separate instances of engagement or actions were undertaken in this regard. However, certain vulnerable and marginalized 
stakeholder groups are supported through the Company’s CSR initiatives. The Company remains committed to inclusive and equitable practices 
across all stakeholder groups.
87
Annual Report 2025-26
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 118STATUTORY REPORTS22CORPORATE OVERVIEW01

--- page 80 ---
PRINCIPLE 5: BUSINESSES SHOULD RESPECT AND PROMOTE HUMAN RIGHTS.
Overview / Objective:	This	principle	reflects	company’s	commitment	to	embedding	human	rights	values	at	the	core	of	everything	we	do.	At	RSWM	
Limited, we are dedicated to ensuring that every individual within our operations and supply chains is treated with dignity and respect. We strive to 
integrate human rights principles into our everyday practices, ensuring fairness and responsibility across all aspects of our business. By upholding 
these values, we aim to contribute to a more inclusive and just society. This principle also aligns with several Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs), 
such	as	Goal	1:	No	Poverty,	Goal	4:	Quality	Education,	Goal	5:	Gender	Equality,	Goal	8:	Decent	Work	and	Economic	Growth,	Goal	10:	Reduced	
Inequality,	and	Goal	16:	Peace,	Justice,	and	Strong	Institutions.	Through	these	goals,	we	reaffirm	our	commitment	to	building	a	better	future	for	all.
ESSENTIAL INDICATORS – IMPORTANCE TO INVESTORS
1. Employees and workers who have been provided training on human rights issues and policy(ies) of the entity, in the following format:
Category FY 2025-26
(Current Financial Year)
FY 2024-25
(Previous Financial Year)
Total
(A)
No.
(B)
%
(B /A)
Total
(C)
No.
(D)
%
(D/C)
Employees
Permanent 14 11 78.57% 15 10 66.67%
Other than permanent 0 0 0% 0 0 0%
Total Employees 14 11 78.57% 15 10 66.67%
Workers
Permanent 45 39 86.67% 89 70 78.65%
Other than permanent 0 0 0% 0 0 0%
Total Workers 45 39 86.67% 89 70 78.65%
2. Details of minimum wages paid to employees and workers, in the following format:
Category FY 2025-26
(Current Financial Year)
FY 2024-25
(Previous Financial Year)
Total (A) Equal to Minimum 
Wage
More than minimum 
Wage
Total (D) Equal to Minimum 
wages
More than minimum 
wages
No. (B) % (B/A) No. (C) % (C/A) No. (E) %	(E/D) No. (F) %	(F/D)
Employees
Permanent 14 0 0% 14 100% 15 0 0% 15 100%
Male 11 0 0% 11 100% 11 0 0% 11 100%
Female 3 0 0% 3 100% 4 0 0% 4 100%
Other than 
permanent
0 0 0% 0 0% 0 0 0% 0 0%
Male 0 0 0% 0 0% 0 0 0% 0 0%
Female 0 0 0% 0 0% 0 0 0% 0 0%
Workers
Permanent 45 0 0% 45 100% 89 0 0% 89 100%
Male 45 0 0% 45 100% 89 0 0% 89 100%
Female 0 0 0% 0 0% 0 0 0% 0 0%
Other than 
permanent
0 0 0% 0 0% 0 0 0% 0 0%
Male 0 0 0% 0 0% 0 0 0% 0 0%
Female 0 0 0% 0 0% 0 0 0% 0 0%
Raghav Productivity Enhancers Ltd.
88
Annual Report 2025-26

--- page 81 ---
3. Details of remuneration/salary/wages, in the following format:
 (A) Median Remuneration/Wages:
Male Female
Number Median remuneration 
/ Salary/Wages of 
respective category
Number Median remuneration 
/ Salary/Wages of 
respective category
Board of Directors (BOD) 2 39,50,000 1 4,00,000
Key Managerial Personnel 1 7,59,600 1 6,00,000
Employees other than BOD and KMP 9 6,67,044 2 7,74,840
Workers 45 2,34,000 0 -
  Note: Details of Median remuneration/Salary/Wages of the respective category shown above are annually.
  The median remuneration disclosed excludes Directors receiving sitting fees, and the related sitting fee.
 (B) Gross wages paid to females as % of total wages paid by the entity, in the following format:
FY 2025-26
(Current Financial Year)
FY 2024-25
(Previous Financial Year)
Gross	wages	paid	to	females	as	%	of	total	wages 7.43% 13.03%
 Note: Since no female workers were employed during the reporting period, the relevant disclosures have been computed considering female employees only.
4.  Do you have a focal point (Individual/ Committee) responsible for addressing human rights impacts or issues caused or contributed to by 
the business? (Yes/No)
	 	Yes.	Raghav	Productivity	Enhancers	Ltd.	has	a	designated	focal	point	for	addressing	human	rights-related	matters,	overseen	by	the	Head	–	Human	
Resources. The Company has adopted a Human Rights Policy applicable across its operations, which outlines its commitment to fair treatment, 
non-discrimination, and compliance with applicable labour and human rights standards.
  The HR function is responsible for the implementation, monitoring, and adherence to the policy. Employees and workers are encouraged to report 
any concerns through established internal channels, including the grievance redressal mechanism. All reported matters, if any, are reviewed and 
addressed in a timely and appropriate manner.
  During the reporting period, no instances of human rights violations were reported.
5. Describe the internal mechanisms in place to redress grievances related to human rights issues.
  Employees and associated persons can raise complaints, grievances, or concerns with the Human Resources department or Senior Management 
without	fear	of	retaliation.	The	Company	ensures	that	such	matters	are	handled	confidentially,	fairly,	and	in	a	timely	manner,	in	alignment	with	its	
policies on ethics, integrity, and workplace dignity.
6. Number of Complaints on the following made by employees and workers:
FY 2025-26
(Current Financial Year)
FY 2024-25
(Previous Financial Year)
Filed during the 
year
Pending 
resolution at the 
end of year
Remarks Filed during the 
year
Pending 
resolution at the 
end of year
Remarks
Sexual	Harassment - - - - - -
Discrimination at
workplaces
- - - - - -
Child Labour - - - - - -
Forced Labour/ Involuntary 
Labour
- - - - - -
Wages - - - - - -
Other human rights related 
issues
- - - - - -
89
Annual Report 2025-26
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 118STATUTORY REPORTS22CORPORATE OVERVIEW01

--- page 82 ---
7.  Complaints filed under the Sexual Harassment of Women at Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition and Redressal) Act, 2013, in the following 
format:
FY 2025-26
(Current Financial Year)
FY 2024-25
(Previous Financial Year)
Total	Complaints	reported	under	Sexual	Harassment	on	of	Women	at	Workplace	
(Prevention,	Prohibition	and	Redressal)	Act,	2013	(POSH)
- -
Complaints	on	POSH	as	a	%	of	female	employees	/	workers - -
Complaints on POSH upheld - -
8. Mechanisms to prevent adverse consequences to the complainant in discrimination and harassment cases.
  The Company has established a grievance redressal and vigilance mechanism, supported by its Code of Conduct and Policy on Prevention of 
Sexual	Harassment,	to	enable	employees	and	workers	to	report	instances	of	discrimination,	harassment,	or	misconduct.
	 	To	prevent	adverse	consequences	to	the	complainant,	the	Company	ensures:
	 	•	 Confidential	handling	of	complaints,	with	access	restricted	to	authorised	personnel	only
  • Protection against retaliation, with any such instances being subject to disciplinary action
	 	•	 Fair	and	impartial	review	process,	with	defined	procedures	for	investigation	and	resolution
  • Appropriate safeguards post-resolution, as required, to ensure a safe working environment
  These measures support a transparent and accountable process while encouraging individuals to report concerns without fear.
9. Do human rights requirements form part of your business agreements and contracts? (Yes/No)
  The company ensures that all its business agreements and contractual arrangements are in full compliance with applicable statutory and 
regulatory	requirements.	The	Company	is	firmly	committed	to	upholding	human	rights	principles,	which	form	an	integral	part	of	its	core	values	
and governance practices. RPEL continues to align its operations with established ethical standards and all relevant legal obligations.
10. Assessments for the year:
% of your plants and offices that were assessed
(by entity or statutory authorities or third parties)
Child Labour 100%
Forced/ involuntary labour 100%
Sexual	Harassment 100%
Discrimination at workplace 100%
Wages 100%
11.  Provide details of any corrective actions taken or underway to address significant risks / concerns arising from the assessments at Question 
10 above.
	 Not	applicable,	since	no	such	incidents	were	reported	during	the	financial	year.
LEADERSHIP INDICATORS (GOOD GOVERNANCE)
1. Details of a business process being modified / introduced as a result of addressing human rights grievances/complaints.
	 	There	were	no	modifications	required	in	business	processes,	as	the	nature	of	human	rights	complaints	did	not	warrant	any	structural	changes.	
However, the Company remains committed to upholding the highest standards of human rights across all its operations. It has adopted a standalone 
Human Rights Policy that outlines its approach to managing various human rights aspects. To reinforce this commitment, the Company conducts 
regular	training	programs	to	raise	employee	awareness	on	the	Code	of	Conduct,	Prevention	of	Sexual	Harassment	(PoSH),	thereby	fostering	a	
respectful and inclusive workplace culture.
2. Details of the scope and coverage of any Human rights due diligence conducted.
  The Company undertakes periodic internal reviews to ensure adherence to its Human Rights policies. These reviews include comprehensive 
assessments aimed at monitoring compliance with established standards and identifying areas for continuous improvement. Through this 
proactive approach, the Company seeks to uphold ethical practices and protect the rights and well-being of all stakeholders associated with 
its operations.
Raghav Productivity Enhancers Ltd.
90
Annual Report 2025-26

--- page 83 ---
3.  Is the premise/office of the entity accessible to differently abled visitors, as per the requirements of the Rights of Persons with Disabilities 
Act, 2016?
	 	Yes.	The	Company	is	committed	to	fostering	an	inclusive	and	barrier-free	environment	for	persons	with	disabilities	across	its	registered	office,	
corporate	offices,	and	manufacturing	facilities,	in	alignment	with	the	Rights	of	Persons	with	Disabilities	Act,	2016.	Appropriate	infrastructure,	
including ramps, lifts, and other accessibility features, has been implemented to support ease of mobility. The Company continues to strengthen 
its accessibility framework ensuring equal access, dignity, and participation for all individuals.
4. Details on assessment of value chain partners:
% of value chain partners (by value of business done
with such partners) that were assessed
Sexual	Harassment -
Discrimination at workplace -
Child Labour -
Forced Labour/Involuntary Labour -
Wages -
Others	–	please	specify -
5.  Provide details of any corrective actions taken or underway to address significant risks /concerns arising from the assessments at Question 
4 above.
  Not Applicable.
91
Annual Report 2025-26
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 118STATUTORY REPORTS22CORPORATE OVERVIEW01

--- page 84 ---
PRINCIPLE 6: BUSINESSES SHOULD RESPECT AND MAKE EFFORTS TO PROTECT AND 
RESTORE THE ENVIRONMENT.
Overview / Objective: This principle highlights the importance of environmental stewardship in promoting long-term economic growth and societal 
well-being. It acknowledges that environmental issues are interconnected across local, regional, and global levels, and businesses must take 
responsibility for addressing key challenges such as pollution, biodiversity loss, sustainable resource management, and climate change (through 
mitigation, adaptation, and resilience efforts).
For businesses, this means actively assessing the environmental impacts of their products and operations and taking steps to reduce or mitigate 
these impacts wherever possible. When complete avoidance is not feasible, businesses are encouraged to adopt practices that minimize or eliminate 
negative effects on their operations and supply chains. These efforts contribute to sustainable growth and support the broader global goals for 
environmental preservation.
In	practical	terms,	this	principle	aligns	with	several	Sustainable	Development	Goals	(SDGs),	such	as	Goal	2:	Zero	Hunger,	Goal	3:	Good	Health	and	
Well-being,	Goal	6:	Clean	Water	and	Sanitation,	Goal	7:	Affordable	and	Clean	Energy,	and	Goal	13:	Climate	Action,	among	others.	Businesses	must	
work	towards	improving	their	environmental	footprint	by	implementing	energy-efficient	systems,	reducing	waste,	conserving	water,	and	fostering	a	
circular economy. By making these commitments, businesses can play a crucial role in preserving the environment and contributing to a sustainable 
future for all.
ESSENTIAL INDICATORS – IMPORTANCE TO INVESTORS
1. Details of total energy consumption (in Joules or multiples) and energy intensity, in the following format:
Parameter FY 2025-26
(Current Financial 
Year)
FY 2024-25
(Previous Financial 
Year)
From renewable sources GJ GJ
Total electricity consumption (A) 64.68 200.28
Total fuel consumption (B) 0 0
Energy Consumption through other sources (C) 0 0
Total Energy Consumed from renewable sources (A+B+C) 64.68 200.28
From non-renewable sources -
Total electricity consumption (D) 10,006.74 7,434.52
Total fuel consumption (E) 4,483.59 2,321.93
Energy Consumption through other sources (F) 0 0
Total energy consumed from non-renewable sources(D+E+F) 14,490.33 9,756.45
Total energy consumed (A+B+C+D+E+F) 14,555.02 9,956.73
Energy intensity per rupee of turnover (Total energy consumed / Revenue from 
operations)
0.00001273 0.000008629
Energy intensity per rupee of turnover adjusted for Purchasing Power Parity (PPP) (Total 
energy consumed / Revenue from operations adjusted for PPP)
0.0002589 0.00017822
Energy intensity in terms of physical output - -
Energy intensity (optional) – the relevant metric may be selected by the entity - -
  Note: As per the IMF's purchasing power parity (PPP) conversion rate for India per international dollar for year 2026 is 20.34, we have applied this exchange rate 
to compute the adjusted turnover.
  Note: Indicate if any independent assessment/ evaluation/assurance has been carried out by an external agency? (Y/N) If yes, name of the external agency.
	 	No	independent	assessment/	evaluation/assurance	has	been	carried	out	by	an	external	agency.
Raghav Productivity Enhancers Ltd.
92
Annual Report 2025-26

--- page 85 ---
2.  Does the entity have any sites / facilities identified as Designated Consumers (DCs) under the Performance, Achieve and Trade (PAT) 
Scheme of the Government of India? (Y/N) If yes, disclose whether targets set under the PAT scheme have been achieved. In case targets 
have not been achieved, provide the remedial action taken, if any.
	 	No,	the	entity	does	not	have	any	sites	or	facilities	identified	as	Designated	Consumers	(DCs)	under	the	Performance,	Achieve	and	Trade	(PAT)	
Scheme of the Government of India.
3. Provide details of the following disclosures related to water, in the following format:
Parameter FY 2025-26
(Current Financial 
Year)
FY 2024-25
(Previous Financial 
Year)
Water withdrawal by source (in kiloliters)
Surface Water 0 0
Ground Water 4,872.75 3,467.5
Third Party water 0 0
Seawater/ desalinated water 0 0
Others (Condensate Water) 0 0
Total Volume of water withdrawal (in kiloliters) (i+ ii+ iii+ iv+ v) 4,872.75 3,467.5
Total Volume of water Consumption (in kiloliters) 4,872.75 3,467.5
Water intensity per rupee of turnover
(Water consumed/ Turnover)
0.000004262 0.000003005
Water intensity per rupee of turnover adjusted for Purchasing Power Parity (PPP) (Total 
water consumption / Revenue from operations adjusted for PPP)
0.00008669 0.00006209
Water intensity in terms of physical output - -
Water Intensity (Optional) - the relevant metric may be selected by the entity - -
  Note: As per the IMF's purchasing power parity (PPP) conversion rate for India per international dollar for year 2026 is 20.34, we have applied this exchange rate 
to compute the adjusted turnover.
  Note: Indicate if any independent assessment/ evaluation/assurance has been carried out by an external agency? (Y/N) If yes, name of the external agency.
	 No	independent	assessment/	evaluation/assurance	have	been	carried	out	by	an	external	agency.
4. Provide the following details related to water discharged:
Parameter FY 2025-26
(Current Financial 
Year)
FY 2024-25
(Previous Financial
Year)
Water discharge by destination and level of treatment (in kiloliters) *
(i) To Surface water 0 0
  - No treatment 0 0
	 	-	 	With	treatment–please	specify	level	of	treatment 0 0
(ii) To Groundwater 0 0
  - No treatment 0 0
	 	-	 With	treatment–please	specify	level	of	Treatment 0 0
(iii) To Seawater 0 0
  - No treatment 0 0
	 	-	 With	treatment–please	specify	level	of	treatment 0 0
(iv) Sent to third-parties 0 0
  - No treatment 0 0
	 	-	 With	treatment–please	specify	level	of	treatment 0 0
(v)  Others 0 0
  - No treatment 0 0
	 	-	 With	treatment–please	specify	level	of	treatment 0 0
Total water discharged (in kiloliters) 0 0
	 -*stands	data	Not	Available.
  Note: Indicate if any independent assessment/ evaluation/assurance has been carried out by an external agency? (Y/N) If yes, name of the external agency.
	 	No	independent	assessment/	evaluation/assurance	have	been	carried	out	by	an	external	agency.
93
Annual Report 2025-26
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 118STATUTORY REPORTS22CORPORATE OVERVIEW01

--- page 86 ---
5. Has the entity implemented a mechanism for Zero Liquid Discharge? If yes, provide details of its coverage and implementation.
  Raghav Productivity Enhancers Ltd. has not implemented a Zero Liquid Discharge (ZLD) mechanism, as its operations are not water-intensive and 
involve	negligible	process	water	usage.	Accordingly,	no	significant	liquid	effluents	are	generated	requiring	ZLD	systems.	The	Company	continues	
to ensure compliance with applicable environmental regulations.
6. Please provide details of air emissions (other than GHG emissions) by the entity, in the following format:
Parameter Please specify unit FY 2025-26
(Current Financial 
Year)
FY 2024-25
(Previous Financial 
Year)
Nox ug/m3 0 0
Sox ug/m3 0 0
Particulate Matter (PM) ug/m3 0 413
Persistent organic pollutants (POP) Microgram/m3 0 0
Non-Methane Hydrocarbon mg/Nm3 0 0
Oxides	of	Nitrogen ppmv 0 0
Carbon	Monoxide mg/Nm3 0 0
Suspended Particulate Matters (SPM) µg/m2 0 0
Sulphur	Dioxide Mg/Nm3 0 0
  Note: Indicate if any independent assessment/ evaluation/assurance has been carried out by an external agency? (Y/N) If yes, name of the external agency.
	 	No	independent	assessment/	evaluation/assurance	have	been	carried	out	by	an	external	agency.
7. Provide details of greenhouse gas emissions (Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions) & its intensity, in the following format:
  Scope 1 emissions are direct GHG emissions from sources that are owned or controlled by the entity. Source refers to any physical unit or 
process that releases GHG into the atmosphere.
  Scope 2 emissions are energy indirect emissions that result from the generation of purchased or acquired electricity, heating, cooling, & steam 
consumed by the entity.
Parameter Unit FY 2025-26
(Current Financial 
Year)
FY 2024-25
(Previous Financial 
Year)
Total Scope 1 emissions
(Break-up of the GHG into CO2, CH4, N2O, HFCs,PFCs,SF6, NF3, if 
available)
Metric tonnes of 
CO2 equivalent
331.81 0
Total Scope 2 emissions
(Break-up of the GHG into CO2, CH4, N2O, HFCs,PFCs,SF6, NF3, if 
available)
Metric tonnes of 
CO2 equivalent
2,020.80 0
Total Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions Metric tonnes of 
CO2 equivalent
2,352.61 0
Total Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions per rupee of Turnover 0.000002057 0
Total Scope 1 and Scope 2 emission intensity per rupee of turnover 
adjusted for Purchasing Power Parity (PPP) (Total Scope 1 and Scope 2 
GHG emissions / Revenue from operations adjusted for PPP)
0.00004185 0
Total Scope 1 and Scope 2 emission intensity in terms of physical 
output
- -
Total Scope 1 and Scope 2 emission intensity (optional)– the 
relevant metric may be selected by the entity
- -
 Note: Indicate if any independent assessment/ evaluation/assurance has been carried out by an external agency? (Y/N) If yes, name of the external agency.
	 No	independent	assessment/	evaluation/assurance	have	been	carried	out	by	an	external	agency.
Raghav Productivity Enhancers Ltd.
94
Annual Report 2025-26

--- page 87 ---
8. Does the entity have any project related to reducing Green House Gas emission? If yes, then provide details.
	 	Yes.	Raghav	Productivity	Enhancers	Ltd.	has	undertaken	initiatives	aimed	at	supporting	reduction	of	greenhouse	gas	(GHG)	emissions	and	
promoting environmental sustainability. The Company has installed solar energy systems at its facilities to enhance the use of renewable energy 
and reduce dependence on conventional energy sources, thereby contributing towards lowering its overall carbon footprint.
  Further, as part of its environmental stewardship initiatives, the Company has also undertaken plantation activities in and around its operational 
locations	and	has	planted	approximately	1,550	trees.	These	initiatives	support	enhancement	of	local	green	cover,	promote	ecological	balance	and	
contribute towards long-term environmental improvement.
	 	In	addition,	the	Company	continues	to	focus	on	efficient	resource	utilisation,	responsible	environmental	management	and	strengthening	
climate-related monitoring practices as part of its broader sustainability approach.
9. Provide details related to waste management by the entity, in the following format:
Parameter FY2025-26
(Current Financial 
Year)
FY 2024-26
(Previous Financial 
Year)
Total Waste generated (in Metric Tonnes)
Plastic Waste (A) 2.25 1.75
E-Waste (B) 0 0
Bio-Medical Waste (C) 0 0
Construction and demolition waste (D) 0 0
Battery Waste (E) 0 0
Radioactive Waste (F) 0 0
Other Hazardous waste. Please specify, if any. (G) 0 0
Other Non-hazardous waste generated (H). Please specify, if any. (Break-up by composition 
i.e., by materials relevant to the sector)
0 0
Total (A+B + C + D + E + F + G+ H) 2.25 1.75
Waste intensity per rupee of turnover (Total waste generated / Revenue from operations) 0.000000001968 0.000000001516
Waste intensity per rupee of turnover adjusted for Purchasing Power Parity (PPP) (Total 
waste generated / Revenue from operations adjusted for PPP)
0.00000004003 0.00000003133
Waste intensity in terms of physical output - -
Waste intensity (optional) – the relevant metric may be selected by the entity - -
For each category of waste generated, total waste recovered through recycling, re-using 
or other recovery operations (in metric tonnes)
Category of Waste
(I)  Recycled 0 0
(ii)  Re-used 0 0
(iii)  Other recovery operations 0 0
Total 0 0
For each category of waste generated, total waste disposed by nature of disposal method 
(in metric tonnes)
Category of Waste
(I)  Incineration 0 0
(ii)		Landfilling 0 0
(iii)  Other disposal operations (Sales of waste generated) 2.25 1.75
Total 2.25 1.75
  Note: As per the IMF's purchasing power parity (PPP) conversion rate for India per international dollar for year 2026 is 20.34, we have applied this exchange rate 
to compute the adjusted turnover.
  Note: Indicate if any independent assessment/ evaluation/assurance has been carried out by an external agency? (Y/N) If yes, name of the external agency.
	 No	independent	assessment/	evaluation/assurance	have	been	carried	out	by	an	external	agency.
95
Annual Report 2025-26
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 118STATUTORY REPORTS22CORPORATE OVERVIEW01

--- page 88 ---
10.  Briefly describe the waste management practices adopted in your establishments. Describe the strategy adopted by your company to 
reduce usage of hazardous and toxic chemicals in your products and processes and the practices adopted to manage such wastes.
  Raghav Productivity Enhancers Ltd. adopts waste management practices aligned with the nature of its operations and applicable environmental 
requirements. Waste generated during manufacturing activities is limited and is segregated, collected and disposed of through authorised recyclers 
or	disposal	agencies,	as	applicable.	The	Company	also	promotes	efficient	utilisation	of	materials	and	operational	practices	aimed	at	minimising	
waste generation and supporting resource optimisation.
	 	The	manufacturing	process	primarily	utilises	natural	raw	materials	such	as	quartz	and	involves	limited	use	of	hazardous	or	toxic	chemicals.	
Accordingly, generation of hazardous waste remains minimal. Nevertheless, appropriate controls are maintained for handling, storage and 
disposal of such materials, wherever applicable, in accordance with regulatory requirements.
11.  If the entity has operations/offices in/around ecologically sensitive areas (such as national parks, wildlife sanctuaries, biosphere reserves, 
wetlands, biodiversity hotspots, forests, coastal regulation zones etc.) where environmental approvals / clearances are required, please 
specify details in the following format:
S. No. Location of operations/offices Type of Operation Whether the conditions of environmental approval / 
clearance are being complied with? (Y/N)
If no, the reasons thereof and corrective action taken, if any.
Not Applicable
12. Details of environmental impact assessments of projects undertaken by the entity based on applicable laws, in the current financial year:
Name and brief details of 
project
EIA
Notification No.
Date Whether conducted 
by independent 
external agency (Yes/
No)
Results communicated 
in public domain (Yes/ 
No)
Relevant Web 
Link
Not Applicable
13.  Is the entity compliant with the applicable environmental law/ regulations/ guidelines in India, such as the Water (Prevention and Control of 
Pollution) Act, Air (Prevention and Control of Pollution) Act, Environment protection act and rules there under (Y/N). If not, provide details 
of all such non-compliances, in the following format:
S. No. Specify the law / regulation 
/ guidelines which was not 
complied with
Provide details of the non- 
compliance
Any fines / penalties / action 
taken by regulatory agencies 
such as pollution control
boards or by courts
Corrective
action
taken, if any
Yes,	Raghav	Productivity	Enhancers	Ltd.	is	in	compliance	with	all	applicable	environmental	laws	and	regulations,	including	the	Air	(Prevention	
and	Control	of	Pollution)	Act,	Environment	(Protection)	Act,	and	other	relevant	statutory	requirements.	During	the	reporting	period	2025-26,	no	
instances of non-compliance were observed or reported.
LEADERSHIP INDICATORS (GOOD GOVERNANCE)
1. Water withdrawal, consumption and discharge in areas of water stress (in kiloliters):
	 For	each	facility	/	plant	located	in	areas	of	water	stress,	provide	the	following	information:
	 	i.	 Name	of	the	area:	As	per	the	Central	Ground	Water	Authority,	the	below	location	are	in	water-stressed	areas:	Newai
	 	ii.	 Nature	of	operations:	Manufacturing
	 	iii.	 Water	withdrawal,	consumption	and	discharge	in	the	following	format:
Parameter FY 2025-26
(Current Financial 
Year)
FY 2024-25
(Previous Financial 
Year)
Water withdrawal by source (in kiloliters)
(i) To Surface water 0 0
(ii) To Groundwater 4,872.75 3467.5
(iii) Third Party water 0 0
(iv) Seawater/Desalinated water 0 0
(v) Others 0 0
Raghav Productivity Enhancers Ltd.
96
Annual Report 2025-26

--- page 89 ---
Parameter FY 2025-26
(Current Financial 
Year)
FY 2024-25
(Previous Financial 
Year)
Total volume of water withdrawal (in kilo liters) 4,872.75 3467.5
Total volume of water consumption (in kilo liters) 4,872.75 3467.5
Water intensity per rupee of turnover (Water consumed / turnover) 0.000004262 0.000003005
Water intensity (optional) – the relevant metric may be selected by the entity - -
Water discharge by destination and level of treatment (in kilolitres)
(i)  Into Surface water - -
  - No treatment - -
	 	-	 With	treatment	–	please	specify	level	of	treatment - -
(ii)  Into Groundwater - -
  - No treatment - -
	 	-	 With	treatment	–	please	specify	level	of	treatment - -
(iii) Into Seawater - -
  - No treatment - -
	 	-	 With	treatment	–	please	specify	level	of	treatment - -
(iv) Sent to third-parties - -
  - No treatment - -
	 	-	 With	treatment	–	please	specify	level	of	treatment - -
(v) Others - -
  - No treatment - -
	 	-	 With	treatment	–	please	specify	level	of	treatment - -
Total water discharged (in kilolitres) - -
2. Please provide details of total Scope 3 emissions & its intensity, in the following format:
Parameter Unit FY 2025-26
(Current Financial 
Year)
FY 2024-25
(Previous Financial 
Year)
Total Scope 3 emissions
(Break-up of the GHG into CO2, CH4, N2O, HFCs, PFCs, SF6, NF3, if 
available)
Metric tonnes of CO2 
equivalent
2.8663 0
Total Scope 3 emissions per rupee of Turnover 0.000000002507 0
Total Scope 3 emission intensity
(optional)– the relevant metric may be selected by the entity
0.00000005099 0
  Note: Indicate if any independent assessment/ evaluation/assurance has been carried out by an external agency? (Y/N) If yes, name of the external agency.
	 	No	independent	assessment/	evaluation/assurance	have	been	carried	out	by	an	external	agency.
 3.   With respect to the ecologically sensitive areas reported at Question 11 of Essential Indicators above, provide details of significant direct 
& indirect impact of the entity on biodiversity in such areas along-with prevention and remediation activities.
  Not applicable, since Company’s premises are not situated near ecologically sensitive areas.
 4.   If the entity has undertaken any specific initiatives or used innovative technology or solutions to improve resource efficiency, or reduce 
impact due to emissions / effluent discharge / waste generated, please provide details of the same as well as outcome of such initiatives, 
as per the following format:
S. No Initiative undertaken Details of the initiative (Web-link, if any, may be 
provided along-with summary)
Outcome of the initiative
Nil
97
Annual Report 2025-26
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 118STATUTORY REPORTS22CORPORATE OVERVIEW01

--- page 90 ---
5.  Does  the entity have a business continuity and disaster management plan? Give details in 100 words/ web link.
  No
 6.   Disclose any significant adverse impact to the environment, arising from the value chain of the entity. What mitigation or adaptation 
measures have been taken by the entity in this regard.
  Nil
 7.  Percentage of value chain partners (by value of business done with such partners) that were assessed for environmental impacts.
  Nil
 8.  How many Green Credits have been generated or procured:
  a. By the listed entity
   The company does not have any Green Credits
  b. By the top ten (in terms of value of purchases and sales, respectively) value chain partners
   Not Applicable
Raghav Productivity Enhancers Ltd.
98
Annual Report 2025-26

--- page 91 ---
PRINCIPLE 7: BUSINESSES, WHEN ENGAGING IN INFLUENCING PUBLIC AND REGULATORY 
POLICY , SHOULD DO SO IN A MANNER THAT IS RESPONSIBLE AND TRANSPARENT.
Overview / Objective: This principle highlights the need for businesses to engage in policy discussions in a responsible and transparent manner, 
particularly when involved in associations or advocacy groups. Companies may play a key role in shaping policy by holding positions on governing 
bodies	or	contributing	financially	to	initiatives	that	align	with	their	strategic	goals.	Responsible	engagement	helps	ensure	that	business	interests	are	in	
harmony	with	societal	and	environmental	objectives,	supporting	several	Sustainable	Development	Goals	(SDGs),	including	Goal	2:	Zero	Hunger,	Goal	7:	
Affordable	and	Clean	Energy,	Goal	9:	Industry,	Innovation	and	Infrastructure,	Goal	10:	Reduced	Inequality,	Goal	11:	Sustainable	Cities	and	Communities,	
Goal	13:	Climate	Action,	Goal	14:	Life	Below	Water,	Goal	15:	Life	on	Land,	Goal	16:	Peace,	Justice	and	Strong	Institutions,	and	Goal	17:	Partnerships	
to achieve the Goal.
ESSENTIAL INDICATORS – IMPORTANCE TO INVESTORS
1. a.  Number of affiliations with trade and industry chambers/associations.
  NIL
 b.   List the top 10 trade and industry chambers/ associations (determined based on the total members of such body) the entity is a 
member of/ affiliated to.
  Not Applicable
2.  Provide details of corrective action taken or underway on any issues related to anti- competitive conduct by the entity, based on adverse 
orders from regulatory authorities.
Name of authority Brief of the case Corrective action taken
No anti-competitive conduct orders have been received from any regulatory authority.
LEADERSHIP INDICATORS (GOOD GOVERNANCE)
1.  Details of public policy positions advocated by the entity:
S. No. Public policy 
advocated
Method resorted for 
such advocacy
Whether information 
available in public 
domain? (Yes/No)
Frequency of Review by 
Board (Annually/ Half 
yearly/ Quarterly / Others – 
please specify)
Web Link, if 
available
Nil
99
Annual Report 2025-26
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 118STATUTORY REPORTS22CORPORATE OVERVIEW01

--- page 92 ---
PRINCIPLE 8: BUSINESSES SHOULD PROMOTE INCLUSIVE GROWTH AND EQUITABLE 
DEVELOPMENT.
Overview / Objective: This principle highlights the critical role businesses play in fostering inclusive growth and equitable development, particularly 
focusing on disadvantaged, vulnerable, and marginalized communities. By leveraging their energy and innovation, businesses can contribute to national 
development	in	alignment	with	Section	135	of	the	Companies	Act,	2013.	Collaboration	between	businesses,	government,	and	civil	society	is	key	to	
advancing this agenda. This principle aligns with various Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs), including No Poverty, Zero Hunger, Good Health and 
Well-being, Quality Education, Gender Equality, and Decent Work and Economic Growth, all of which promote a more inclusive and sustainable future.
ESSENTIAL INDICATORS – IMPORTANCE TO INVESTORS
1. Details of Social Impact Assessments (SIA) of projects undertaken by the entity based on applicable laws, in the current financial year.
Name and brief
details of projects
SIA
Notification No.
Date of 
Notification
Whether conducted by 
independent external 
agency (Yes/ No)
Results communicated in 
public domain (Yes/No)
Relevant web 
link
Not Applicable
2.  Provide information on project(s) for which ongoing Rehabilitation and Resettlement (R&R) is being undertaken by your entity, in the 
following format:
S. No. Name of Project for which R&R 
is ongoing
State District No. of Project Affected 
Families (PAFs)
% Of PAFs 
covered by 
R&R
Amount paid to 
PAFs in the FY (in 
INR)
Not Applicable
3. Describe the mechanisms to receive and redress grievances of the community.
  Raghav Productivity Enhancers Ltd. has established a structured grievance redressal mechanism to address concerns raised by the local 
community in a fair and transparent manner. Grievances can be submitted through designated channels such as local representatives, written 
communication, or other appropriate means.
  All complaints are acknowledged upon receipt and reviewed by the designated authority. Necessary actions are taken to resolve the concerns 
within a reasonable timeframe, and the status of such grievances is monitored to ensure closure. The Company also undertakes periodic review 
of the mechanism to improve its effectiveness and responsiveness, thereby strengthening community trust and engagement.
4. Percentage of input material (inputs to total inputs by value) sourced from suppliers:
Particular FY 2025-26
(Current Financial Year)
FY 2024-25
(Previous Financial Year)
Directly sourced from MSMEs/ small producer 41.29% 48.47%
Directly from within India 58.71% 51.53%
5.  Job creation in smaller towns – Disclose wages paid to persons employed (including employees or workers employed on a permanent or 
non-permanent / on contract basis) in the following locations, as % of total wage cost:
Location FY 2025-26
(Current Financial Year)
FY 2024-25
(Previous Financial Year)
Rural 39.40% 72.15%
Semi-urban - -
Urban 60.60% 27.85%
Metropolitan - -
Raghav Productivity Enhancers Ltd.
100
Annual Report 2025-26

--- page 93 ---
LEADERSHIP INDICATORS (GOOD GOVERNANCE)
1.  Provide details of actions taken to mitigate any negative social impacts identified in the Social Impact Assessments (Reference: Question 
1 of Essential Indicators above):
Details of negative social impact identified Corrective action taken
Nil
2.  Provide the following information on CSR projects undertaken by your entity in designated aspirational districts as identified by government 
bodies:
S. No State Aspirational District Amount spent (In INR)
Nil
3.  (a)   Do you have a preferential procurement policy where you give preference to purchase from suppliers comprising marginalized /
vulnerable groups? (Yes/No)
  No, the company does not have any policy regarding this.
 (b)  From which marginalized /vulnerable groups do you procure?
  Nil
 (c)  What percentage of total procurement (by value) does it constitute?
  Nil
4.   Details of the benefits derived and shared from the intellectual properties owned or acquired by your entity (in the current financial year), 
based on traditional knowledge:
S. No. Intellectual Property based on traditional 
knowledge
Owned/ Acquired  
(Yes/No)
Benefit shared
(Yes / No)
Basis of calculating benefit 
share
Nil
5.   Details of corrective actions taken or underway, based on any adverse order in intellectual property related disputes wherein usage of 
traditional knowledge is involved.
Name of authority Brief of the Case Corrective action taken
Nil
6.  Details of beneficiaries of CSR Projects:
S. No. CSR Project No. of persons benefitted from 
CSR Projects
% of beneficiaries from vulnerable 
and marginalized groups
1 Education 107 81%
2 Women Empowerment and Hygiene Awareness 94 56%
3 Health Awareness 109 30%
4 Eradication of Hunger 2,800 100%
101
Annual Report 2025-26
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 118STATUTORY REPORTS22CORPORATE OVERVIEW01

--- page 94 ---
PRINCIPLE 9: BUSINESSES SHOULD ENGAGE WITH AND PROVIDE VALUE TO THEIR 
CONSUMERS IN A RESPONSIBLE MANNER.
Overview / Objective: This principle emphasizes the importance of prioritizing customer health and safety throughout the entire lifecycle of products 
and services. It focuses on a business’s responsibility to ensure the safety and well-being of consumers, from product design to post-sale. Additionally, 
it underscores the need for compliance with customer cybersecurity and privacy regulations, as well as adherence to relevant voluntary codes. 
This	principle	is	aligned	with	several	Sustainable	Development	Goals	(SDGs),	including	Goal	2:	Zero	Hunger,	Goal	4:	Quality	Education,	Goal	12:	
Responsible	Consumption	and	Production,	Goal	14:	Life	Below	Water,	Goal	15:	Life	on	Land,	and	Goal	16:	Peace,	Justice,	and	Strong	Institutions,	
encouraging businesses to act responsibly and provide long-term value to their consumers.
ESSENTIAL INDICATORS – IMPORTANCE TO INVESTORS
1. Describe the mechanism is in place to receive and respond to consumer complaints and feedback.
  Customer satisfaction and timely response are key priorities for the Company. A structured grievance redressal mechanism is in place to 
address customer complaints and concerns, with all grievances being properly recorded, monitored, and resolved in line with the Grievance 
Redressal Policy.
2. Turnover of products and/ services as a percentage of turnover from all products/service that carry information about:
As a percentage to total turnover
Environmental and social parameters relevant to the product
NilSafe and responsible usage
Recycling and/or safe disposal
3. Number of consumer complaints in respect of the following:
FY2025-26
(Current Financial Year)
Remarks FY 2024-25
(Previous Financial Year)
Remarks
Received 
during the year
Pending 
resolution at 
the end of year
Received 
during the year
Pending 
resolution at 
the end of year
Data privacy - - - - - -
Advertising - - - - - -
Cyber-security - - - - - -
Delivery of essential services - - - - - -
Restrictive Trade
Practices
- - - - - -
Unfair Trade Practices - - - - - -
Other (Quality Complaints) - - - - - -
4. Details of instances of product recalls on account of safety issues:
Number Reasons for recall
Voluntary recalls - -
Forced recalls - -
5.  Does the entity have a framework/ policy on cyber security and risks related to data privacy? (Yes/No) If available, provide a web-link of 
the policy.
	 The	company	does	have	a	specific	policy	for	cyber	security	and	data	privacy	risks.
	 Weblink:	https:// www.rammingmass.com/pdf/DATA%20PRIVACY%20POLICY.pdf
Raghav Productivity Enhancers Ltd.
102
Annual Report 2025-26

--- page 95 ---
6.  Provide details of any corrective actions taken or underway on issues relating to advertising, and delivery of essential services; cyber 
security and data privacy of customers; re-occurrence of instances of product recalls; penalty / action taken by regulatory authorities on 
safety of products / services.
 Nil
7. Provide the following information relating to data breaches:
 a. Number of instances of data breaches
  Nil
 b. Percentage of data breaches involving personally identifiable information of customers
  Nil
 c. Impact, if any, of the data breaches
  Nil
LEADERSHIP INDICATORS (GOOD GOVERNANCE)
1. Channels / platforms where information on products and services of the entity can be accessed (provide web link, if available).
  Details on Products and Services of the Company are available at its website.
	 	Weblink:	https://www.rammingmass.com/products.php
2. Steps taken to inform and educate consumers about safe and responsible usage of products and/or services.
  For customized products, the Company’s technical team visits the client’s facility after delivery to provide hands-on support. The team engages 
with key personnel, such as the Furnace or Workshop Manager, and offers guidance on proper usage, safe handling, and appropriate disposal. 
This	helps	improve	operational	efficiency	while	promoting	energy	efficiency,	safety,	and	responsible	environmental	practices.
3. Mechanisms in place to inform consumers of any risk of disruption/discontinuation of essential services.
  The Company communicates any disruption or discontinuation of essential services to customers through timely updates on its website, ensuring 
transparency and awareness.
4.  Does the entity display product information on the product over and above what is mandated as per local laws? (Yes/No/Not Applicable) 
If yes, provide details in brief. Did your entity carry out any survey with regard to consumer satisfaction relating to the major products / 
services of the entity, significant locations of operation of the entity or the entity as a whole? (Yes/No)
	 	Yes,	the	Company	provides	product	information	on	its	packaging	in	compliance	with	applicable	regulations,	including	details	such	as	batch	
number,	date	of	manufacture,	weight,	and	other	relevant	specifications.
103
Annual Report 2025-26
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 118STATUTORY REPORTS22CORPORATE OVERVIEW01

--- page 96 ---
NOTICE OF 17th ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING
Notice is hereby given that the 17th Annual General Meeting of the Members 
of Raghav Productivity Enhancers Limited will be held on Tuesday, 
June 30, 2026 at 2.00 P .M. IST through Video Conferencing (VC)/ Other 
Audio Visual Means (OAVM) to transact the following business:
ORDINARY BUSINESS:
1. To consider and adopt:
  (a)  The Audited Standalone Financial Statements of the company 
for the financial year ended on March 31, 2026 together with 
the Reports of the Board of Directors and Auditors thereon; and
  (b)  The Audited Consolidated Financial Statements of the 
Company for the financial year ended on March 31, 2026 and 
Auditor’s report thereon.
2.  To declare a dividend of ` 1.00/- per Equity Share of the face value 
of `10/- each (10%) of the Company for the financial year ended 
March 31, 2026.
3.  To appoint a Director in place of Mrs. Krishna Kabra (DIN: 
02552177) who retire by rotation in terms of Section 152(6) of the 
Companies Act, 2013 and being eligible, seeks re-appointment.
4.  To appoint the Auditors of the Company M/s. Ravi Sharma & 
Co., Chartered Accountants (Firm Reg. No. 015143C), Jaipur to 
hold office from the conclusion of this AGM until the conclusion 
of the 22nd AGM there from and to fix their remuneration and in 
this regard to consider and if thought fit, to pass, with or without 
modification(s) the following resolution as an Ordinary Resolution:
  To consider and if thought fit, to pass the following resolution as an 
Ordinary Resolution:
  “RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Section 139, 142 
and other applicable provisions, if any, of the Companies Act, 
2013 read with The Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014 
(including any statutory modification(s) or re-enactment(s) thereof 
for the time being in force) and pursuant to the recommendations 
of the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors, M/s. Ravi Sharma 
& Co., Chartered Accountants (Firm Reg. No. 015143C), Jaipur 
be and are hereby appointed as the Auditors of the Company to 
hold office for a term of [five consecutive years / specify term], 
from the conclusion of the 17th Annual General Meeting until the 
conclusion of the 22nd Annual General Meeting of the Company to 
be held in 2031, and that the Board of Directors be and are hereby 
authorized to fix such remuneration as may be determined by the 
audit committee in consultation with the auditors.”
SPECIAL BUSINESS:
5.  To re-appoint Mr. Sanjay Kabra as Chairman cum Whole-Time 
Director of the Company
  To consider and, if thought fit to pass with or without modification 
(s), the following resolution as a Special Resolution:
  “RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Section 
196,197,198, 203 read with Schedule V and other applicable 
provisions, if any, of the Companies Act, 2013 and the Securities 
and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (including any modification(s) 
or re-enactments thereof for the time being in force), and on 
recommendation of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee 
and on approval of the Board of Directors of the Company, Consent 
of the Members of the Company be and is hereby accorded to 
approve the re-appointment of Mr. Sanjay Kabra (DIN: 02552178)
as Chairman cum Whole-Time Director of the Company for the 
further term of 3 (three) years with effect from December 1, 2026 
to November 30, 2029 with the authority to board to increase 
or decrease the remuneration from time to time subject to the 
maximum of the either of the following
  a.  ` 50,00,000/- per month
  b.   Amount allowed as remuneration as per section 197 of the 
Companies Act, 2013.
  RESOLVED FURTHERTHAT Mr. Sanjay Kabra shall be Key 
Managerial Person of the Company as defined under Section 203 
of Companies Act, 2013 read with Rules made thereunder.
  RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board of Directors [which term shall 
include the Nomination and Remuneration Committee (“NRC”)]be 
and are hereby authorized to alter, vary and modify any of the terms 
and conditions of the said reappointment/ remuneration including 
salary, allowances and perquisites in accordance with and subject 
to the limits prescribed in Section 196, 197 and/or Schedule V 
of the Companies Act, 2013 or any amendment or any statutory 
modifications or re-enactment thereof, subject to approvals, if any, 
as may be required and as may be agreed between the Board of 
Directors and Mr. Sanjay Kabra.
  RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board of Directors of the company 
be and is hereby authorized to settle any question, difficulty or doubt 
that may arise in giving effect to this resolution and to do all such 
acts, deeds, matters and things and take all such steps as may be 
necessary, proper or expedient to give effect to this resolution.”
 6.  To re-appoint Mr. Rajesh Kabra as Managing Director  
of the Company
  To consider and, if thought fit to pass with or without modification 
(s), the following resolution as a Special Resolution:
  “RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Section 
196,197,198, 203 and other applicable provisions, if any, of 
the Companies Act, 2013 read with Schedule V to the said Act 
(including any modification(s) or re-enactments thereof for the 
time being in force), and on recommendation of the Nomination 
and Remuneration Committee and on approval of the Board of 
Directors of the Company, Consent of the Members of the company 
Raghav Productivity Enhancers Ltd.
104
Annual Report 2025-26

--- page 97 ---
be and is hereby accorded to approve the re-appointment of 
Mr. Rajesh Kabra (DIN: 00935200) as Managing Director of the 
Company for the further term of 3 (three) years with effect from 
December 1, 2026 to November 30, 2029 with the authority to 
board to increase or decrease the remuneration from time to time 
subject to the maximum of the either of the following
  a.  ` 50,00,000/- per month
  b.   Amount allowed as remuneration as per section 197 of the 
Companies Act, 2013.
  RESOLVED FURTHER THAT wherein any financial year during the 
tenure of Managing Director, the Company has no profits or its 
profits are inadequate, the Company shall pay to Mr. Rajesh Kabra, 
Managing Director remuneration as prescribed in Schedule V 
of the Companies Act, 2013, subject to approvals, if any as 
may be required.
  RESOLVED FURTHERTHAT Mr. Rajesh Kabra shall be Key 
Managerial Person of the Company as defined under Section 203 
of Companies Act, 2013 read with Rules made thereunder.
  RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board of Directors [which term shall 
include the Nomination and Remuneration Committee (“NRC”)]be 
and are hereby authorized to alter, vary and modify any of the terms 
and conditions of the said reappointment/ remuneration including 
salary, allowances and perquisites in accordance with and subject 
to the limits prescribed in Section 196, 197 and/or Schedule V 
of the Companies Act, 2013 or any amendment or any statutory 
modifications or re-enactment thereof, subject to approvals, if any, 
as may be required and as may be agreed between the Board of 
Directors and Mr. Rajesh Kabra.
  RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board of Directors of the company 
be and is hereby authorized to settle any question, difficulty or doubt 
that may arise in giving effect to this resolution and to do all such 
acts, deeds, matters and things and take all such steps as may be 
necessary, proper or expedient to give effect to this resolution.”
7.  Re-appointment of Mr. Hemant Nerurkar Madhusudan as 
an Independent Non-Executive Director for a second term 
of 5(five) years:
  To consider and if thought fit, to pass with or without modification, 
the following Resolution as Special Resolution:
  “RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Sections 149, 
150, 152 read with Schedule IV and other applicable provisions, 
if any, of the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”) and the Companies 
(Appointment and Qualification of Directors) Rules, 2014 and 
Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, (including any 
statutory modification(s) or re-enactment thereof, for the time being 
in force), and other applicable provisions of the Act, read with rules 
made thereunder and the Article of Association and pursuant to 
the recommendation of Nomination and Remuneration Committee 
and approved by the Board of Directors, Mr. Hemant Nerurkar 
Madhusudan (DIN: 00265887) who was appointed as an 
Independent Director of the Company for a term of 5 consecutive 
year(s) w.e.f. May 14, 2022 at the Annual General Meeting of the 
company and who meets the criteria for independence as provided 
under section 149(6) of the Act, along with the rules framed 
thereunder and Regulation 16(1)(b) of SEBI Listing Regulations 
and who has submitted a declaration to the effect and in respect of 
whom the Company has received a notice in writing under Section 
160(1) of the Act from a member proposing his candidature for the 
office of Director be and is hereby re-appointed as an Independent 
Director, not liable to retire by rotation for a second term of Five (5) 
consecutive years from May 14, 2027 to May 13, 2032.”
  RESOLVED FURTHER THAT pursuant to Regulation 17(1A), 
17(1C) and Regulation 25(2A) of the Listing Regulations and 
other applicable provisions, if any, of the Act, including any 
amendment(s), statutory modification(s) or re-enactment(s) 
thereof, for the time being in force, approval of the members of 
the Company be and is hereby granted to Mr. Hemant Nerurkar 
Madhusudan (DIN: 00265887), who has already attained the age 
of 75 (Seventy Five) years on October 20, 2023, for holding and 
continue to hold office of Non-Executive Independent Director of the 
Company till May 13, 2032 being the date of expiry of his current 
term of office.
  RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board of Directors of the company 
be and is hereby authorized to settle any question, difficulty or doubt 
that may arise in giving effect to this resolution and to do all such 
acts, deeds, matters and things and take all such steps as may be 
necessary, proper or expedient to give effect to this resolution.”
8.  Re-appointment of Mr. Amar Lal Daultani as an Independent 
Non-Executive Director for a second term of 5(five) years:
  To consider and if thought fit, to pass with or without modification, 
the following Resolution as Special Resolution:
  “RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Sections 149, 
150, 152 read with Schedule IV and other applicable provisions, 
if any, of the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”) and the Companies 
(Appointment and Qualification of Directors) Rules, 2014 and 
Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, (including any 
statutory modification(s) or re-enactment thereof, for the time being 
in force), and other applicable provisions of the Act, read with rules 
made thereunder and the Article of Association and pursuant to the 
recommendation of Nomination and Remuneration Committee and 
approved by the Board of Directors, Mr. Amar Lal Daultani (DIN: 
05228156) who was appointed as an Independent Director of the 
Company for a term of 5 consecutive year(s) w.e.f. August 1, 2022 
at the Annual General Meeting of the company and who meets 
the criteria for independence as provided under section 149(6) 
of the Act, along with the rules framed thereunder and Regulation 
16(1)(b) of SEBI Listing Regulations and who has submitted a 
declaration to the effect and in respect of whom the Company has 
received a notice in writing under Section 160(1) of the Act from 
105
Annual Report 2025-26
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 118STATUTORY REPORTS22CORPORATE OVERVIEW01

--- page 98 ---
a member proposing his candidature for the office of Director be 
and is hereby re-appointed as an Independent Director, not liable to 
retire by rotation for a second term of Five (5) consecutive years 
from August 1, 2027 to July 31, 2032
  RESOLVED FURTHER THAT pursuant to the provisions of Regulation 
17(1A), Regulation 17(1C) and Regulation 25(2A) of the SEBI 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015, as amended, and other applicable provisions, if any, of the 
Companies Act, 2013 and the rules made thereunder, including 
any statutory modification(s), amendment(s) or re-enactment(s) 
thereof for the time being in force, approval of the Members of the 
Company be and is hereby accorded for continuation of directorship 
of Mr. Amar Lal Daultani (DIN: 05228156), as Non-Executive 
Independent Director of the Company, notwithstanding that he will 
attain the age of 75 (Seventy Five) years on March 13, 2030, and 
to continue to hold office up to July 31, 2032, being the expiry date 
of his present term of office.
  RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board of Directors of the company 
be and is hereby authorized to settle any question, difficulty or doubt 
that may arise in giving effect to this resolution and to do all such 
acts, deeds, matters and things and take all such steps as may be 
necessary, proper or expedient to give effect to this resolution.”
9.  Revision in terms of appointment of Mrs. Krishna Kabra, 
Non-Executive Director of the Company
  To consider and, if thought fit, to pass the following resolution as a 
Special Resolution:
  “RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Regulation 
17(1A), Regulation 17(1C) and other applicable provisions, if any, 
of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, as amended, and the applicable provisions of 
the Companies Act, 2013 read with the Companies (Appointment 
and Qualification of Directors) Rules, 2014, including any statutory 
modification(s), amendment(s) or re-enactment(s) thereof for 
the time being in force, and based on the recommendation of 
the Nomination and Remuneration Committee and approval of 
the Board of Directors, consent of the Members of the Company 
be and is hereby accorded for continuation of directorship of 
Mrs. Krishna Kabra (DIN: 02552177) as a Non-Executive Director 
of the Company, notwithstanding that she will attain the age of 75 
(Seventy Five) years on June 14, 2027 and to continue to hold 
office for the remaining period of her tenure as approved by the 
Board and Members of the Company.”
  RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board of Directors of the company 
be and is hereby authorized to settle any question, difficulty or doubt 
that may arise in giving effect to this resolution and to do all such 
acts, deeds, matters and things and take all such steps as may be 
necessary, proper or expedient to give effect to this resolution.”
By the Order of Board of Directors
for Raghav Productivity Enhancers Limited
sd/-
Neha Rathi
(Company Secretary)
June 01 2026, Jaipur M.No.: A38807
Raghav Productivity Enhancers Ltd.
106
Annual Report 2025-26

--- page 99 ---
NOTES:
Pursuant to the General Circular 
1.  Nos. 14/2020 dated April 8, 2020 and 17/2020 dated April 13, 
2020 read with other relevant circulars, including General Circular 
No. 03/2025 dated September 22, 2025, issued by the Ministry 
of Corporate Affairs (“MCA Circulars”) and Circular SEBI/HO/
CFD/CMD2/CIR/P/2022/62 dated May 13, 2022 issued by SEBI 
(hereinafter collectively referred to as “the Circulars”), companies 
are allowed to hold Annual General Meeting (AGM) through VC/
OAVM, without the physical presence of members at a common 
venue. Hence, in compliance with the Circulars, the AGM of the 
Company is being held through VC/OAVM and the deemed venue 
for the 17th AGM shall be the Registered Office of the Company.
2.  A member entitled to attend and vote at the AGM is entitled to 
appoint a proxy to attend and vote on his/ her behalf and the proxy 
need not be a member of the Company. Since the AGM is being 
held in accordance with the Circulars through VC/OAVM, the facility 
for the appointment of proxies by the members will not be available 
and hence the Proxy Form and Attendance Slip and Rout Map are 
not annexed to this Notice. However, the Body Corporates are 
entitled to appoint authorised representatives to attend the AGM 
through VC/ OAVM and participate thereat and cast their votes 
through e-Voting
3.  The Register of directors and key managerial personnel and their 
shareholding, maintained under Section 170 of the Act, and the 
Register of Contracts or Arrangements in which the directors 
are interested, maintained under Section 189 of the Act, will be 
available electronically for inspection by the members during the 
AGM. All documents referred to in the Notice will also be available 
for electronic inspection without any fee by the members from the 
date of circulation of this Notice up to the date of AGM, i.e. June 30, 
2026. Members seeking to inspect such documents can send an 
email to cs@rammingmass.com.
4.  Members may note that the Board, has recommended a final 
dividend of ` 1.00/-. The record date for the purpose of final dividend 
for the fiscal year 2026 is June 19, 2026. The final dividend, once 
approved by the members in the ensuing AGM, will be paid within 
a period of 30 days from the date of declaration electronically 
through various online transfer modes to those members who 
have updated their bank account details. For members who have 
not updated their bank account details, dividend warrants/ demand 
drafts/ cheques will be sent to their registered addresses. To avoid 
delay in receiving dividend, members are requested to update their 
KYC with their depositories to receive dividend directly into their 
bank account on the payout date.
5.  Members wishing to claim dividends that remain unclaimed are 
requested to correspond with the RTA as mentioned above, or with 
the Company Secretary at cs@rammingmass.com Members are 
requested to note that dividends that are not claimed within seven 
years from the date of transfer to the Company’s Unpaid Dividend 
Account will be transferred to the Investor Education and Protection 
Fund (IEPF). Shares on which dividend remains unclaimed for 
seven consecutive years shall be transferred to IEPF as per Section 
124 of the Act, read with applicable IEPF rules.
6.  The facility for voting during the AGM will also be made available. 
Members present in the AGM through VC/OAVM and who have not 
cast their vote on the resolutions through remote e-voting and are 
otherwise not barred from doing so, shall be eligible to vote through 
the e-voting system during the AGM.
7.  In compliance with the Circulars, the Annual Report 2025-2026, the 
Notice of the 17thAGM and instructions for e-voting are being sent 
through electronic mode to those members whose email addresses 
are registered with the Company / depository participant(s).
8.  Pursuant to regulations 26(4) and 36(3) of the Listing Regulations 
and the Secretarial Standard on General Meetings issued by the 
Institute of Company Secretaries of India, the relevant details of 
Directors seeking Appointments or Reappointment at this AGM are 
also annexed to this notice.
9.  The Scrutinizer will submit his report to the Chairman of the 
Company (“the Chairman”) or to any other person authorized by the 
Chairman after the completion of the scrutiny of the e-voting (votes 
cast during the AGM and votes cast through remote e-voting), not 
later than 48 hours from the conclusion of the AGM. The result 
declared along with the Scrutinizer’s report shall be communicated 
to the stock exchanges, CDSL and RTA, and will also be displayed 
on the Company’s website, www.rammingmass.com.
10.  Pursuant to the provisions of Section 91 of the Act and regulation 
42 of the Listing Regulation the Register of Members and the Share 
Transfer Books of the Company will remain closed from June 24, 
2026 to June 30, 2026(both days inclusive) for the purpose of 
17th AGM for determining the entitlement of the shareholders to the 
dividend, if declared at the AGM. 
11.  Regulation 12 and Schedule I of SEBI (Listing Obligations & 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations 2015 (Listing Regulation) 
requires all companies to use the facilities of electronic clearing 
services for payment of dividend. In compliance with these 
regulations, payment of dividend will be made only by electronic 
mode directly into the bank account of Members and no dividend 
warrants or demand drafts will be issued without bank particulars.
12.  Pursuant to Finance Act 2020, dividend income will be taxable in 
the hands of shareholders w.e.f. April 1, 2020 and the Company 
is required to deduct tax at source from dividend paid to 
shareholders at the prescribed rates. For the prescribed rates for 
various categories, the shareholders are requested to refer to the 
Finance Act, 2020 and amendments thereof. The shareholders are 
requested to update their PAN with the Company/ RTA (in case of 
shares held in physical mode) and depositories (in case of shares 
held in demat mode)A Resident individual shareholder with PAN and 
who is not liable to pay income tax can submit a yearly declaration 
in Form No. 15G/15H, to avail the benefit of non-deduction of tax at 
source by email to tds@bigshareonline.com by 11:59 P .M. IST on 
June 06, 2026. Shareholders are requested to note that in case 
their PAN is not registered, the tax will be deducted at a higher rate 
of 20%. Non-resident shareholders can avail beneficial rates under 
tax treaty between India and their country of residence, subject to 
providing necessary documents i.e. No Permanent Establishment 
and Beneficial Ownership Declaration, Tax Residency Certificate, 
107
Annual Report 2025-26
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 118STATUTORY REPORTS22CORPORATE OVERVIEW01

--- page 100 ---
Form 10F , any other document which may be required to avail the 
tax treaty benefits by sending an email to tds@bigshareonline.com. 
The aforesaid declarations and documents need to be submitted by 
the shareholders by 11:59 P .M. IST on June 06, 2026. 
13.  In case of joint holders attending the Meeting, only such joint holder 
who is higher in the order of names will be entitled to vote.
14.  Pursuant to Section 101 and 136 of the Act read with Companies 
(Management and Administration Rules), 2014, companies 
can serve Annual Reports and other communications through 
electronic mode to those members who have registered their 
e-mail address either with the Company or with the Depository. 
For all those shareholders who have not so registered their e-mail 
address, a letter providing the web-link, including the exact path, 
where complete details of the Annual Report are available, will also 
be sent at their address registered with the Company or as available 
from the data downloaded from the depositories
  Further, Members who have not registered their e-mail address with 
the company are requested to submit their request with their valid 
e-mail address to the company. Members are requested to register/
update their e-mail address with their Depository Participant(s) 
directly. Members of the Company, who have registered their e-mail 
address, are entitled to receive such communication in physical 
form upon request.
15.  All the members are requested to intimate their present residential 
address and valid contact no. and e-mail ids to the RTA of the 
company or at the Registered Office of the company to ensure the 
effective communication of future corporate actions.
E-VOTING INTRUCTIONS FOR 17th AGM ARE AS UNDER:
i.  The voting period begins on Friday, June 26, 2026 at 9:00 A.M. 
and ends on Monday, June 29, 2026 at 5:00 P .M. During this period 
shareholders’ of the Company, holding shares either in physical 
form or in dematerialized form, as on the cut-off date June 19, 
2026 may cast their vote electronically. The e-voting module shall 
be disabled by Bigshare for voting thereafter.
ii.  Pursuant to SEBI Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/CMD/CIR/P/2020/242 
dated 09.12.2020, under Regulation 44 of Securities and Exchange 
Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, listed entities are required to provide remote 
e-voting facility to its shareholders, in respect of all shareholders’ 
resolutions. However, it has been observed that the participation by 
the public non-institutional shareholders/retail shareholders is at a 
negligible level.
  Currently, there are multiple e-voting service providers (ESPs) 
providing e-voting facility to listed entities in India. This necessitates 
registration on various ESPs and maintenance of multiple user IDs 
and passwords by the shareholders.
  In order to increase the efficiency of the voting process, 
pursuant to a public consultation, it has been decided to enable 
e-voting to all the demat account holders, by way of a single 
login credential, through their demat accounts/ websites of 
Depositories/ Depository Participants. Demat account holders 
would be able to cast their vote without having to register again 
with the ESPs, thereby, not only facilitating seamless authentication 
but also enhancing ease and convenience of participating in 
e-voting process.
 iii.  In terms of SEBI circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/CMD/CIR/P/2020/242 
dated December 9, 2020 on e-Voting facility provided by Listed 
Companies, Individual shareholders holding securities in demat 
mode are allowed to vote through their demat account maintained 
with Depositories and Depository Participants. Shareholders are 
advised to update their mobile number and email Id in their demat 
accounts in order to access e-Voting facility.
 1. Pursuant to above said SEBI Circular, Login method for e-Voting for Individual shareholders holding securities in Demat mode is given below:
Type of 
shareholders
Login Method
Individual 
Shareholders holding 
securities in Demat 
mode with CDSL
1)  Users who have opted for CDSL Easi / Easiest facility, can login through their existing user id and password. Option 
will be made available to reach e-Voting page without any further authentication. The URL for users to login to Easi/
Easiest is https://web.cdslindia.com/myeasitoken/home/login or visit CDSL website www.cdslindia.com and click on 
login icon & New System Myeasi Tab and then use your existing my easi username & password.
2)  After successful login the Easi / Easiest user will be able to see the e-Voting option for eligible companies where the 
evoting is in progress as per the information provided by company. On clicking the evoting option, the user will be 
able to see e-Voting page of BIGSHARE the e-Voting service provider and you will be re-directed to i-Vote website for 
casting your vote during the remote e-Voting period. Additionally, there is also links provided to access the system 
of all e-Voting Service Providers i.e. BIGSHARE, so that the user can visit the e-Voting service providers’ website 
directly.
3)  If the user is not registered for Easi/Easiest, option to register is available at https://web.cdslindia.com/myeasitoken/
Registration/EasiRegistration 
4)  Alternatively, the user can directly access e-Voting page by providing Demat Account Number and PAN No. from a 
link https://evoting.cdslindia.com/Evoting/EvotingLogin The system will authenticate the user by sending OTP on 
registered Mobile & Email as recorded in the Demat Account. After successful authentication, user will be able to see 
the e-Voting option where the evoting is in progress, and also able to directly access the system of all e-Voting Service 
Providers. Click on BIGSHARE and you will be re-directed to i-Vote website for casting your vote during the remote 
e-voting period.
Raghav Productivity Enhancers Ltd.
108
Annual Report 2025-26

--- page 101 ---
Type of 
shareholders
Login Method
Individual 
Shareholders holding 
securities in demat 
mode with NSDL
1)  If you are already registered for NSDL IDeAS facility, please visit the e-Services website of NSDL. Open web browser 
by typing the following URL: https://eservices.nsdl.com either on a Personal Computer or on a mobile. Once the home 
page of e-Services is launched, click on the “Beneficial Owner” icon under “Login” which is available under ‘IDeAS’ 
section. A new screen will open. You will have to enter your User ID and Password. After successful authentication, 
you will be able to see e-Voting services. Click on “ Access to e-Voting” under e-Voting services and you will be able to 
see e-Voting page. Click on company name or e-Voting service provider name BIGSHARE and you will be re-directed 
to i-Vote website for casting your vote during the remote e-Voting period.
2)  If the user is not registered for IDeAS e-Services, option to register is available at https://eservices.nsdl.com.  Select 
“Register Online for IDeAS “Portal or click   at https://eservices.nsdl.com/SecureWeb/IdeasDirectReg.jsp 
3)  Visit the e-Voting website of NSDL. Open web browser by typing the following URL: https://www.evoting.nsdl.com/ 
either on a Personal Computer or on a mobile. Once the home page of e-Voting system is launched, click on the icon 
“Login” which is available under ‘Shareholder/Member’ section. A new screen will open. You will have to enter your 
User ID (i.e. your sixteen digit demat account number hold with NSDL), Password/OTP and a Verification Code as 
shown on the screen. After successful authentication, you will be redirected to NSDL Depository site wherein you can 
see e-Voting page. Click on company name or e-Voting service provider name BIGSHARE and you will be redirected 
to i-Vote website for casting your vote during the remote e-Voting period. 
 Login method for Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode with NSDL is given below:
4.   For OTP based login you can click on https://eservices.nsdl.com/SecureWeb/evoting/evotinglogin.jsp. You will have 
to enter your 8-digit DP ID,8-digit Client Id, PAN No., Verification code and generate OTP . Enter the OTP received on 
registered email id/mobile number and click on login. After successful authentication, you will be redirected to NSDL 
Depository site wherein you can see e-Voting page with all e-Voting Service Providers. Click on BIGSHARE and you 
will be re-directed to i-vote (E-voting website) for casting your vote during the remote e-Voting period or joining virtual 
meeting & voting during the meeting.
Individual 
Shareholders (holding 
securities in demat 
mode) login through 
their Depository 
Participants
You can also login using the login credentials of your demat account through your Depository Participant registered with 
NSDL/CDSL for e-Voting facility. After Successful login, you will be able to see e-Voting option. Once you click on e-Voting 
option, you will be redirected to NSDL/CDSL Depository site after successful authentication, wherein you can see e-Voting 
feature. Click on company name or e-Voting service provider name and you will be redirected to e-Voting service provider 
website for casting your vote during the remote e-Voting period.
  Important note: Members who are unable to retrieve User ID/ Password are advised to use Forget User ID and Forget Password option available 
at abovementioned website.
  Helpdesk for Individual Shareholders holding securities in demat mode for any technical issues related to login through Depository 
i.e. CDSL and NSDL
Login type Helpdesk details
Individual Shareholders holding securities in 
Demat mode with CDSL
Members facing any technical issue in login can contact CDSL helpdesk by sending a request at 
helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com or contact at 022- 23058738 and 22-23058542-43.
Individual Shareholders holding securities in 
Demat mode with NSDL
Members facing any technical issue in login can contact NSDL helpdesk by sending a request at 
evoting@nsdl.co.in or call at toll free no.: 1800 1020 990 and 1800 22 44 30
2.  Login method for e-Voting for shareholder other than individual 
shareholders holding shares in Demat mode & physical mode 
is given below:
   You are requested to launch the URL on internet browser: 
https://ivote.bigshareonline.com
   Click on “LOGIN” button under the ‘INVESTOR LOGIN’ 
section to Login on E-Voting Platform.
    Please enter you ‘USER ID’ (User id description is given 
below) and ‘PASSWORD’ which is shared separately on you 
register email id.
     o  Shareholders holding shares in CDSL demat account 
should enter 16 Digit Beneficiary ID as user id.
     o  Shareholders holding shares in NSDL demat account 
should enter 8 Character DP ID followed by 8 Digit 
Client ID as user id.
     o  Shareholders holding shares in physical form should 
enter Event No + Folio Number registered with the 
Company as user id.
   Note If you have not received any user id or password 
please email from your registered email id or contact i-vote 
helpdesk team. (Email id and contact number are mentioned 
in helpdesk section).
  Click on I AM NOT A ROBOT (CAPTCHA) option and login.
109
Annual Report 2025-26
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 118STATUTORY REPORTS22CORPORATE OVERVIEW01

--- page 102 ---
   NOTE: If Shareholders are holding shares in demat form 
and have registered on to e-Voting system of https://ivote.
bigshareonline.com and/or voted on an earlier event of 
any company then they can use their existing user id and 
password to login.
   If you have forgotten the password: Click on ‘LOGIN’ 
under ‘INVESTOR LOGIN’ tab and then Click on 
‘Forgot your password?
   Enter “User ID” and “Registered email ID” Click on I AM 
NOT A ROBOT (CAPTCHA) option and click on ‘Reset’.
   (In case a shareholder is having valid email address, 
Password will be sent to his / her registered e-mail address).
 Voting method for shareholders on i-Vote E-voting portal:
    After successful login, Bigshare E-voting system 
page will appear.
    Click on “VIEW EVENT DETAILS (CURRENT)”  under 
‘EVENTS’ option on investor portal.
    Select event for which you are desire to vote under the 
dropdown option.
   Click on “VOTE NOW” option which is appearing on the right 
hand side top corner of the page.
   Cast your vote by selecting an appropriate option “IN 
FAVOUR”, “NOT IN FAVOUR” or “ABSTAIN” and click on 
“SUBMIT VOTE”. A confirmation box will be displayed. 
Click “OK” to confirm, else “CANCEL ” to modify. Once you 
confirm, you will not be allowed to modify your vote.
    Once you confirm the vote you will receive confirmation 
message on display screen and also you will receive an 
email on your registered email id. During the voting period, 
members can login any number of times till they have voted 
on the resolution(s). Once vote on a resolution is casted, it 
cannot be changed subsequently.
    Shareholder can “CHANGE PASSWORD” or “VIEW/UPDATE 
PROFILE” under “PROFILE” option on investor portal.
 3. Custodian registration process for i-Vote E-Voting Website:
    You are requested to launch the URL on internet browser: 
https://ivote.bigshareonline.com
   Click on “REGISTER” under “CUSTODIAN LOGIN”, to 
register yourself on Bigshare i-Vote e-Voting Platform.
    Enter all required details and submit.
    After Successful registration, message will be displayed 
with “User id and password will be sent via email on your 
registered email id”.
   NOTE: If Custodian have registered on to e-Voting system of 
https://ivote.bigshareonline.com and/or voted on an earlier 
event of any company then they can use their existing user id 
and password to login.
    If you have forgotten the password: Click on ‘LOGIN’ 
under ‘CUSTODIAN LOGIN’ tab and further Click on 
‘Forgot your password?
   Enter “User ID” and “Registered email ID” Click on I AM 
NOT A ROBOT (CAPTCHA) option and click on ‘RESET.
   (In case a custodian is having valid email address, Password 
will be sent to his / her registered e-mail address).
 Voting method for Custodian on i-Vote E-voting portal:
   After successful login, Bigshare E-voting system 
page will appear.
  Investor Mapping:
   First you need to map the investor with your user ID under 
“DOCUMENTS” option on custodian portal.
  o  Click on “DOCUMENT TYPE” dropdown option and select 
document type power of attorney (POA).
  o  Click on upload document “CHOOSE FILE” and upload power 
of attorney (POA) or board resolution for respective investor 
and click on “UPLOAD”.
  Note: The power of attorney (POA) or board resolution has to be 
named as the “InvestorID.pdf” (Mention Demat account number 
as Investor ID.)
  o  Your investor is now mapped and you can check the file 
status on display.
  Investor vote File Upload:
  •  To cast your vote select “VOTE FILE UPLOAD”  option from 
left hand side menu on custodian portal.
  • Select the Event under dropdown option.
     Download sample voting file and enter relevant details as 
required and upload the same file under upload document 
option by clicking on “UPLOAD”. Confirmation message 
will be displayed on the screen and also you can check the 
file status on display (Once vote on a resolution is casted, it 
cannot be changed subsequently).
   Custodian can “CHANGE PASSWORD” or “VIEW/UPDATE 
PROFILE” under “PROFILE” option on custodian portal.
 
Raghav Productivity Enhancers Ltd.
110
Annual Report 2025-26

--- page 103 ---
 Procedure for joining the AGM through VC/ OAVM:
    •  For shareholder other than individual shareholders holding 
shares in Demat mode & physical mode is given below:
    The Members may attend the AGM through VC/ OAVM at 
https://ivote.bigshareonline.com under Investor login by 
using the e-voting credentials (i.e., User ID and Password).
    After successful login, Bigshare E-voting system 
page will appear.
       Click on “VIEW EVENT DETAILS (CURRENT)”  under 
‘EVENTS’ option on investor portal.
     Select event for which you are desire to attend the AGM under 
the dropdown option.
     For joining virtual meeting, you need to click on “VOTE 
NOW” “VC/OAVM” link placed beside of “VIDEO 
CONFERENCE LINK” option.
        Members attending the AGM through VC/ OAVM will be 
counted for the purpose of reckoning the quorum under 
Section 103 of the Companies Act, 2013.
 •  The instructions for Members for e-voting on the day of the 
AGM are as under:-
    The Members can join the AGM in the VC/ OAVM mode 15 
minutes before the scheduled time of the commencement 
of the meeting. The procedure for e-voting on the day of 
the AGM is same as the instructions mentioned above for 
remote e-voting.
       Only those members/shareholders, who will be present in 
the AGM through VC/OAVM facility and have not casted their 
vote on the Resolutions through remote e-Voting and are 
otherwise not barred from doing so, shall be eligible to vote 
through e-Voting system in the AGM.
       Members who have voted through Remote e-Voting will be 
eligible to attend the AGM. However, they will not be eligible 
to vote at the AGM.
Helpdesk for queries regarding e-voting:
Login type Helpdesk details
Shareholder‘s other 
than individual 
shareholders holding 
shares in Demat 
mode & Physical 
mode.
In case shareholders/ investor have any queries 
regarding E-voting, you may refer the Frequently 
Asked Questions (‘FAQs’) and i-Vote e-Voting 
module available at https://ivote.bigshareonline.
com, under download section or you can email 
us to ivote@bigshareonline.com or call us at: 
1800 22 54 22.
   By the Order of Board of Directors
for Raghav Productivity Enhancers Limited
Sd/-
Neha Rathi
(Company Secretary)
June 01, 2026, Jaipur  M.No.: A38807
111
Annual Report 2025-26
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 118STATUTORY REPORTS22CORPORATE OVERVIEW01

--- page 104 ---
Annexure To The Notice
EXPLANATORY STATEMENT PURSUANT TO SECTION 102 OF THE COMPANIES ACT, 2013
The following Explanatory Statement sets out all the material facts relating to the Special Business mentioned in the accompanying Notice:
ITEM NO. 5
The tenure of appointment of Mr. Sanjay Kabra as Chairman cum 
Whole-Time Director will expire on November 30, 2026 and on the basis 
of recommendation of Nomination and Remuneration Committee of the 
Board and the Board of Directors it has been proposed to re-appoint him 
for a further tenure of 3 years w.e.f December 1, 2026 to November 30, 
2029 with the authority to board to increase or decrease the remuneration 
from time to time subject to the maximum of the either of the following
a.  ` 50,00,000/- per month
b.   Amount allowed as remuneration as per section 197 of the 
Companies Act, 2013.
  In case, the Company has no profits or its profits are inadequate, 
then the remuneration shall be paid to him in accordance 
with the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 read with 
Schedule V of the Act.
  Statement of Particulars pursuant to Schedule V of 
Companies Act, 2013
I.  General Information
  1.   Nature of Industry: Raghav Productivity Enhancers Limited 
is engaged in manufacturing of Ramming Mass and other 
quartz related products.
 II.  Information about the Appointee
 i.  Background Details
     Mr. Sanjay Kabra aged about 56 years having degree of 
Bachelor of Commerce from Rajasthan University and 
carry rich experience of over 30 years in establishing and 
handling manufacturing operations. He has attended various 
management development programmes and has participated 
in, and contributed to, many prestigious international industry 
conferences. After gaining the rich experience of more than10 
years in Iron & Steel industry, he identified an opportunity 
in very niche and unorganized sector of ramming mass, for 
making this organization to this growing level they have faces 
many challenges but they have proactively responded to the 
change economic conditions and grab market opportunities 
by providing their client to More with Less i.e. More Production 
with less consumption and with this motto they changed their 
name to Raghav Productivity Enhancers Limited.
 ii. Past Remuneration
     Mr. Sanjay Kabra was receiving remuneration of ` 52.50 
Lakhs per annum.
   iii.  Recognition or Awards
     1.  Member- Lions Club Jaipur Gold - Helping the elderly.
     2.  Member- Rajasthan Chamber of Commerce
     3.   Member- Federation of Rajasthan Trade & 
Industry (FORTI)
     4.  Member- VikasSamitiAmbabari East
     5.  Member- Helpage International - London.
     6.  Member- Steel Merchant Association
     7.  Member- All India Induction Furnace Association
     8.  Member- All India Industrial Information & Technology
     9.  Member- Metal Junction (JV of SAIL & TATA)
 iv.  Job Profile and his Suitability
     Mr. Sanjay Kabra is first generation entrepreneur and 
belongs to promoter group of the Company. He is serving 
the company since its incorporation i.e. from December 16, 
2009. Mr. Sanjay Kabra possesses rich business acumen 
and carries restlessness in achieving the goals set for the 
Company. With his endless efforts and wide experience, the 
company has been able to achieve the present heights in 
past few years. Looking to his competence in carrying the 
Company further, the Board of Directors has recommended 
his reappointment as Chairman cum Whole-Time Director.
 v.  Remuneration proposed:
     Salary: with the authority to board to increase or decrease the 
remuneration from time to time subject to the maximum of 
the either of the following
     a.  ` 50,00,000/- per month
     b.   Amount allowed as remuneration as per section 197 of 
the Companies Act, 2013.
 vi.   Comparative remuneration Profile with respect to Industry, 
Size of the Company, Profile of the position and person
     Looking to the work handled and responsibilities shouldered 
to Mr. Sanjay Kabra, the proposed remuneration is in 
consensus with remuneration paid to the KMP’s of other 
industries of similar size for similarly placed persons.
 vii.   Pecuniary relationship directly or indirectly with the 
Company, or relationship with the managerial personnel, 
if any
     Mr. Sanjay Kabra belongs to promoter group and hold 11.75% 
of total shareholding as on March 31, 2026 of the company. 
Further, Mr. Rajesh Kabra, Managing Director of the Company 
is Brother and Mrs. Krishna Kabra, Director of the Company 
is Mother of Mr. Sanjay Kabra.
Raghav Productivity Enhancers Ltd.
112
Annual Report 2025-26

--- page 105 ---
III.  Other Information:
 i. Reasons of loss or inadequate profits:
     Not Applicable since company is paying remuneration in case 
of Profit only.
 ii. Steps taken or proposed to be taken for improvement:
     Not Applicable since company is paying remuneration in case 
of Profit only.
 iii.  Expected increase in productivity and profit in measurable 
terms:
     Not Applicable since company is paying remuneration in case 
of Profit only.
IV.  Disclosures:
  The details required to be given under this head are disclosed in 
Corporate Governance Report of the Company which forms part of 
Annual Report 2025-26.
  Details are provided in the “ Annexure-A ” to the Notice pursuant 
to the provisions of (i) the Listing Regulations and (ii) Secretarial 
Standard on General Meetings(“SS-2”), issued by the Institute of 
Company Secretaries of India.
  The Board recommends the Special Resolution as set out at item 
no. 5 in the Notice for approval by the members.
  None of the Director except Mr. Rajesh Kabra, Mrs. Krishna Kabra 
being the Directors and Mr. Sanjay Kabra, being an appointee of the 
Company and their relatives are concerned or interested, financially 
or otherwise in the resolution as set out at item no. 5 of the Notice.
ITEM NO. 6:
The tenure of appointment of Mr. Rajesh Kabra as managing Director will 
expire on November 30, 2026 and on the basis of recommendation of 
Nomination and Remuneration Committee of the Board and the Board of 
Directors it has been proposed to re-appoint him for a further tenure of 3 
years w.e.f December 1, 2026 to November 30, 2029 with the authority 
to board to increase or decrease the remuneration from time to time 
subject to the maximum of the either of the following
a.  ` 50,00,000/- per month
b.   Amount allowed as remuneration as per section 197 of the 
Companies Act, 2013.
In case, the Company has no profits or its profits are inadequate, then the 
remuneration shall be paid to him in accordance with the provisions of 
the Companies Act, 2013 read with Schedule V of the Act.
Statement of Particulars pursuant to Schedule V of Companies Act, 2013
I.  General Information
 i.   Nature of Industry: Raghav Productivity Enhancers Limited 
is engaged in manufacturing of Ramming Mass and other 
quartz related products.
II.  Information about the Appointee
 i.  Background Details
     Mr. Rajesh Kabra aged about 56 years having degree of 
Bachelor of Commerce and LLB from Rajasthan University and 
carrying rich experience of over 30 years in establishing and 
handling manufacturing operations. He has attended various 
management development programmes and has participated 
in, and contributed to, many prestigious international industry 
conferences. After gaining the rich experience of more than 
10 years in Iron & Steel industry, he identified an opportunity 
in very niche and unorganized sector of ramming mass, for 
making this organization to this growing level they have faces 
many challenges but they have proactively responded to the 
change economic conditions and grab market opportunities 
by providing their client to More with Less i.e. More Production 
with less consumption and with this motto they changed their 
name to Raghav Productivity Enhancers Limited.
 ii.  Past Remuneration
     Mr. Rajesh Kabra was receiving remuneration of ` 75.00 
Lakhs per annum.
 iii. Recognition or Awards: NIL
  1.  President - Lions Club Jaipur Gold - Helping the elderly.
  2.  Joint Secretary – Rajasthan Chamber of Commerce
  3.   Additional General Secretary – Federation of Rajasthan 
Trade & Industry (FORTI)
     4.  President - Vikas Samiti Ambabari East
     5.  Member - Helpage International - London.
     6.  Member – Steel Merchant Association
     7.  Member – All India Induction Furnace Association
     8.  Member – All India Industrial Information & Technology
     9.  Member – Metal Junction (JV of SAIL & TATA)
 iv.  Job Profile and his Suitability
     Mr. Rajesh Kabra is first generation entrepreneur and 
belongs to promoter group of the Company. He is serving 
the company since its incorporation i.e. from December 16, 
2009. Mr. Kabra possesses rich business acumen and carries 
restlessness in achieving the goals set for the Company. 
With his endless efforts and wide experience, the company 
has been able to achieve the present heights in past few years. 
Looking to his competence in carrying the Company further, 
the Board of Directors has recommended his re-appointment 
as Managing Director.
 v.  Remuneration proposed:
     Salary: with the authority to board to increase or decrease the 
remuneration from time to time subject to the maximum of 
the either of the following
     a.  ` 50,00,000/- per month
  b.  Amount allowed as remuneration as per section 197 of 
the Companies Act, 2013.
113
Annual Report 2025-26
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 118STATUTORY REPORTS22CORPORATE OVERVIEW01

--- page 106 ---
 vi.   Comparative remuneration Profile with respect to Industry, 
Size of the Company, Profile of the position and person
     Looking to the work handled and responsibilities shouldered 
to Mr. Rajesh Kabra, the proposed remuneration is in 
consensus with remuneration paid to the KMP’s of other 
industries of similar size for similarly placed persons.
 vii.   Pecuniary relationship directly or indirectly with the 
Company, or relationship with the managerial personnel, 
if any
     Mr. Rajesh Kabra belongs to promoter group and hold 
21.45% of total shareholding as on March 31, 2026 of the 
company. Further, Mr. Sanjay Kabra, Whole-time Director of 
the Company is Brother and Mrs. Krishna Kabra, Director of 
the Company is Mother of Mr. Rajesh Kabra.
III.  Other Information:
 i. Reasons of loss or inadequate profits:
   Not Applicable since company is paying remuneration in 
Profit condition.
 ii. Steps taken or proposed to be taken for improvement:
   Not Applicable since company is paying remuneration in 
Profit condition.
 iii.  Expected increase in productivity and profit in measurable 
terms:
   Not Applicable since company is paying remuneration in 
Profit condition.
IV.  Disclosures:
  The details required to be given under this head are disclosed in 
Corporate Governance Report of the Company which forms part of 
Annual Report 2025-26.
  Details are provided in the “ Annexure-A ” to the Notice pursuant 
to the provisions of (i) the Listing Regulations and (ii) Secretarial 
Standard on General Meetings(“SS-2”), issued by the Institute of 
Company Secretaries of India.
  The Board recommends the Special Resolution as set out at item 
no. 6 in the Notice for approval by the members.
  None of the Director except Mr. Sanjay Kabra, Mrs. Krishna Kabra 
being the Directors and Mr. Rajesh Kabra, being an appointee of the 
Company and their relatives are concerned or interested, financially 
or otherwise in the resolution as set out at item no. 6 of the Notice.
ITEM NO. 7:
Mr. Hemant Nerurkar Madusudan was appointed as an Independent 
Non-Executive Director of the Company by the members at the general 
meeting of the Company w.e.f. May 14, 2022 for a period of five 
consecutive years commencing from May 14, 2022 to May 13, 2027.
As per Section 149(10) of the Act, an Independent Director shall hold 
office for a term of upto five consecutive years on the Board of a 
Company, but shall be eligible for re-appointment on passing a special 
resolution by the Company for another term of upto five consecutive 
years on the Board of a Company.
Based on terms of the provisions of Sections 149, 150, 152 read with 
Schedule IV and any other applicable provisions of the Act and SEBI 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, 
Mr. Hemant Nerurkar Madhusudan, being eligible for re-appointment as an 
Independent Director, is proposed to be re-appointed as an Independent 
Director for second term of five consecutive years from May 13, 2027 
to May 14, 2032
The Company has received a notice in writing from a member under 
Section 160 of the Act proposing the candidature for Mr. Hemant Nerurkar 
Madhusudan as an Independent Director of the company who has given 
a declaration to the effect that he meets the criteria of independence as 
provided under Section 149(6) of the Act and regulation 16(1)(b) of the 
SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015 along with a declaration under Section 164(2) of the Companies 
Act, 2013 read with the rules made there under, confirming he is not 
disqualified to be reappointed as a Director of the Company.
In the opinion of the Board, Mr. Hemant Nerurkar Madhusudan fulfills the 
conditions specified under Section 149 (6) of the Act, the Companies 
(Appointment and Qualification of Directors) Rules, 2014 and Regulation 
16(1) (b) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 for his reappointment as an Independent Non-Executive 
Director of the Company and is independent of the management.
As Mr. Hemant Nerurkar Madhusudan who already attained the age 
of 75 years on October 20, 2023 and in view of Regulation 17(1A), 
17(1C) and 25(2A) of the Listing Regulations, for the re-appointment 
of Mr. Hemant Nerurkar Madhusudan as a Non-Executive Independent 
Director for the second term of five consecutive years commencing from 
May 14, 2027 till the May 13, 2032, consent of the Members would 
be required by way of a special resolution. It is in the interest of the 
Company to continue to avail his valuable expertise.
The Board on the basis of the report of performance evaluation and that 
his continued association would be of immense benefit to the Company, 
has recommended re-appointment of Mr. Hemant Nerurkar Madhusudan 
as an Independent Director for a term of 5 (five) consecutive years w.e.f. 
May 13, 2027 to May 14, 2032 on the Board of the Company
Details of Mr. Hemant Nerurkar Madhusudan are provided in the 
“ Annexure-A ” to the Notice. He shall be paid remuneration by way of fee 
for attending meetings of the Board or Committees thereof or for any other 
purpose whatsoever as may be decided by the Board, reimbursement of 
expenses for participating in the Board and other meetings.
Details are provided in the “ Annexure-A ” to the Notice pursuant to the 
provisions of (i) the Listing Regulations and (ii) Secretarial Standard 
on General Meetings(“SS-2”), issued by the Institute of Company 
Secretaries of India.
The Board recommends the resolution as set out at agenda Item no. 7 of 
the accompanying notice for the members’ consideration and approval.
Raghav Productivity Enhancers Ltd.
114
Annual Report 2025-26

--- page 107 ---
None of the Directors, Key Managerial Personnel of the Company and 
their relatives except Mr. Hemant Nerurkar Madhusudan, being an 
appointee is in any way, concerned or interested, financially or otherwise 
in the resolution as set out at item no. 7 of the Notice.
ITEM NO. 8:
Mr. Amar Lal Daultani was appointed as an Independent Non-Executive 
Director of the Company by the members at the general meeting of the 
Company w.e.f. August 1, 2022 for a period of five consecutive years 
commencing from August 1, 2022 to July 31, 2027
As per Section 149(10) of the Act, an Independent Director shall hold 
office for a term of upto five consecutive years on the Board of a 
Company, but shall be eligible for re-appointment on passing a special 
resolution by the Company for another term of upto five consecutive 
years on the Board of a Company.
Based on terms of the provisions of Sections 149, 150, 152 read 
with Schedule IV and any other applicable provisions of the Act and 
SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015, Mr. Amar Lal Daultani, being eligible for re-appointment as an 
Independent Director, is proposed to be re-appointed as an Independent 
Director for second term of five consecutive years from August 1, 2027 
to July 31, 2032
The Company has received a notice in writing from a member under 
Section 160 of the Act proposing the candidature for Mr. Amar Lal 
Daultani as an Independent Director of the company who has given a 
declaration to the effect that he meets the criteria of independence as 
provided under Section 149(6) of the Act and regulation 16(1)(b) of the 
SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015 along with a declaration under Section 164(2) of the Companies 
Act, 2013 read with the rules made there under, confirming he is not 
disqualified to be reappointed as a Director of the Company.
In the opinion of the Board, Mr. Amar Lal Dautani fulfills the conditions 
specified under Section 149 (6) of the Act, the Companies (Appointment 
and Qualification of Directors) Rules, 2014 and Regulation 16(1) (b) of 
the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015 for his reappointment as an Independent Non-Executive Director of 
the Company and is independent of the management.
As Mr. Amar Lal Daultani who will attain the age of 75 years on 13 
march, 2030 and in view of Regulation 17(1A), 17(1C) and 25(2A) of 
the Listing Regulations, for the re-appointment of Mr. Amar Lal Daultani 
as a Non-Executive Independent Director for the second term of five 
consecutive years commencing from August 1, 2027 till the July 31, 
2032, consent of the Members would be required by way of a special 
resolution. It is in the interest of the Company to continue to avail his 
valuable expertise.
The Board on the basis of the report of performance evaluation and 
that his continued association would be of immense benefit to the 
Company, has recommended re-appointment of Mr. Amar Lal Daultani 
as an Independent Director for a term of 5 (five) consecutive years w.e.f. 
August 1, 2027 till the July 31, 2032 on the Board of the Company.
Details of Mr. Amar Lal Daultani, are provided in the “ Annexure-A ” to 
the Notice. He shall be paid remuneration by way of fee for attending 
meetings of the Board or Committees thereof or for any other purpose 
whatsoever as may be decided by the Board, reimbursement of expenses 
for participating in the Board and other meetings.
Details are provided in the “ Annexure-A ” to the Notice pursuant to the 
provisions of (i) the Listing Regulations and (ii) Secretarial Standard 
on General Meetings(“SS-2”), issued by the Institute of Company 
Secretaries of India.
The Board recommends the resolution as set out at agenda Item no. 8 of 
the accompanying notice for the members’ consideration and approval.
None of the Directors, Key Managerial Personnel of the Company and 
their relatives except Mr. Amar Lal Daultani, being an appointee is in any 
way, concerned or interested, financially or otherwise in the resolution as 
set out at item no. 8 of the Notice.
ITEM NO. 9
Mrs. Krishna Kabra was appointed and re-designated as Non-Executive 
Director (Under Non Independent Category) of the Company effective 
from December 1, 2023 who will be liable to Retire by Rotation.
As Mrs. Krishna Kabra will attain the age of 75 years on June 14, 2027 
and pursuant to the provisions of Regulation 17(1A), Regulation 17(1C) 
and Regulation 25(2A) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, approval of the Members by way of 
Special Resolution is required for her continuation/re-appointment as a 
Non-Executive Director of the Company. Considering her rich experience, 
knowledge and continued valuable guidance to the Company, the Board 
is of the view that her continued association on the Board would be 
beneficial and in the best interest of the Company.
Details are provided in the “ Annexure-A ” to the Notice pursuant to the 
provisions of (i) the Listing Regulations and (ii) Secretarial Standard 
on General Meetings(“SS-2”), issued by the Institute of Company 
Secretaries of India.
The Board recommends the Special Resolution as set out at item no. 9 in 
the Notice for approval by the members.
None of the Director except Mr. Rajesh Kabra, Mr. Sanjay Kabra being 
the Directors and Key Managerial Personnel and Mrs. Krishna Kabra 
being an appointee of the Company and their relatives are concerned or 
interested, financially or otherwise in the resolution as set out at item no. 
9 of the Notice.
By the Order of Board of Directors
for Raghav Productivity Enhancers Limited
Sd/-
Neha Rathi
(Company Secretary)
Date:  June 01, 2026  M.No.: A38807
115
Annual Report 2025-26
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 118STATUTORY REPORTS22CORPORATE OVERVIEW01

--- page 108 ---
‘Annexure-A’ To The Notice
Details of Directors seeking appointment and re-appointment at the forthcoming Annual General Meeting [Pursuant to Regulation 36(3) of the Listing 
Regulations and Secretarial Standard 2 on General Meetings]
Name Mr. Sanjay Kabra Mr. Rajesh Kabra Mrs. Krishna Kabra
DIN 02552178 00935200 02552177
Age 56 years 56 years 74 years
Qualifications Bachelor of Commerce from 
Rajasthan University
Bachelor of Commerce and L.L.B 
from Rajasthan University
Bachelor of Commerce from 
Rajasthan University
Date of Appointment on the Board (dd/
mm/yyyy)
16/12/2009 16/12/2009 06/10/2015
Experience Carry rich experience of 
over 30 years in establishing 
and handling manufacturing 
operations
Carry rich experience of over 30 
years in establishing and handling 
manufacturing operations
Carry rich experience of over 8 
years in establishing and handling 
manufacturing operations
Shareholding in Company as on March 
31, 2026
5,395,704 equity shares 9,845,304 equity shares Nil
List of the directorships held in other 
companies as on March 31, 2026
Refer Corporate Governance 
Report
Refer Corporate Governance 
Report
Refer Corporate Governance 
Report
Relationship with other directors 
Manager and other Key Managerial 
Personnel of the company
Brother of Mr. Rajesh Kabra 
and son of Mrs. Krishna 
Kabra, apart from this there is 
no relationship of Mr. Sanjay 
Kabra from any Directors and 
KMP’s of the Company.
Brother of Mr. Sanjay Kabra and 
son of Mrs. Krishna Kabra, apart 
from this there is no relationship 
of Mr. Rajesh Kabra from any 
Directors and KMP’s of the 
Company.
Mother of Mr. Rajesh Kabra and 
Mr. Sanjay Kabra, apart from this 
there is no relationship of Mrs. 
Krishna Kabra from any Directors 
and KMP’s of the Company.
Number of Meetings of the Board 
attended
during the year
During F .Y . 2025-26 total 4 
(four) meetings were held and 
Mr. Sanjay Kabra attended all 
4 (four) Board Meetings
During F .Y . 2025-26 total 4 (four) 
meetings were held and Mr. 
Sanjay Kabra attended all 4 (four) 
Board Meetings
During F .Y . 2025-26 total 4 (four) 
meetings were held and Mrs. 
Krishna Kabra attended 1 (one) 
Board Meeting
Terms and Conditions of Re-
Appointment
Executive, non- independent 
Director, liable to retire by 
rotation
Executive, non- independent 
Director, not liable to retire by 
rotation
Non-Executive, Non Independent 
Director, liable to retire by rotation
Details of listed companies from which 
Director has resigned in the past three 
years
Nil Nil Nil
Disclosure regarding Skills and 
capabilities of Independent Directors
N.A. N.A. N.A.
Remuneration details (Including 
Sitting Fees &
Commission)
Refer Corporate Governance 
Report
Refer Corporate Governance 
Report
Refer Corporate Governance 
Report
Raghav Productivity Enhancers Ltd.
116
Annual Report 2025-26

--- page 109 ---
Details of Directors seeking appointment and re-appointment at the forthcoming Annual General Meeting [Pursuant to Regulation 36(3) of the Listing 
Regulations and Secretarial Standard 2 on General Meetings]
Name Mr. Amar Lal Daultani Mr. Hemant Nerurkar Madhusudan
DIN 05228156 00265887
Age 72 years 77 years
Qualifications Postgraduate in Economics from Agra University B. Tech in Metallurgical Engineering from the 
College of Engineering, Pune
Date of Appointment on the Board (dd/
mm/yyyy)
01/08/2022 14/05/2022
Experience He is an accomplished banker having 34 years of 
rich experience in Credit, Forex and other General 
Banking Operations. He has completed his term of 
office as Executive Director of corporation bank.
He has well rounded experience in Strategy & 
Growth, Manufacturing, Supply Chain, Organisation 
& People, Marketing & Sales. He worked with Tata 
Steel Ltd. during 1972-1977 and 1982-2013. He 
also worked with Usha Martin Ltd. during 1977-
1981. He served as Managing Director of Tata 
Steel Ltd. during 2009-2013.
Shareholding in Company as on March 
31, 2026
Nil Nil
List of the directorships held in other 
companies as on March 31, 2026
Refer Corporate Governance Report Refer Corporate Governance Report
Relationship with other directors 
Manager and other Key Managerial 
Personnel of the company
None None
Number of Meetings of the Board 
attended during the year
During F .Y . 2025-26 total 4 (four) meetings were 
held and Mr. Amar Lal Daultani attended all 4 
(four) Board Meetings
During F .Y . 2025-26 total 4 (four) meetings were 
held and Mr. Hemant Nerurkar Madhusudan 
attended all 4 (four) Board Meetings
Terms and Conditions of Appointment Non-Executive, Independent Director, not liable to 
retire by Rotation
Non-Executive, Independent Director, not liable to 
retire by Rotation
Details of listed companies from which 
Director has resigned in the past three 
years
Ativir Financial Services Private Limited 
-18/09/2024
Adani Enterprises Limited-09/08/2025
NCC Limited-24/09/2024
Disclosure regarding Skills and 
capabilities of Independent Directors
Refer Corporate Governance Report Refer Corporate Governance Report
Remuneration details (Including 
Sitting Fees &
Commission)
Refer Corporate Governance Report Refer Corporate Governance Report
*Directorship includes Directorship of Companies (Listed or not) & Committee membership includes only Audit Committee and Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee 
of Listed Company.
117
Annual Report 2025-26
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 118STATUTORY REPORTS22CORPORATE OVERVIEW01

--- page 110 ---
Independent Auditor’s Report 
on the Standalone Ind AS Financial Statements
To
The Members of
Raghav Productivity Enhancers Limited
Report on the Audit Standalone Ind AS Financial Statements
Opinion
We have audited the accompanying Standalone Ind AS Financial 
Statements of Raghav Productivity Enhancers Limited (“the Company”), 
which comprise the Balance Sheet as at March 31, 2026, the Statement 
of Profit and Loss (including Other Comprehensive Income), Statement of 
Change in Equity and Statement of Cash Flow for the year then ended, and 
notes to the standalone Ind AS financial statements including a summary 
of significant accounting policies and other explanatory information 
(hereinafter referred to as “Standalone Financial Statements”).
In our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the 
explanations given to us, the aforesaid standalone financial statements 
give the information required by the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”) 
in the manner so required and give a true and fair view in conformity 
with the accounting principles generally accepted in India, of the state 
of affairs of the Company as at March 31, 2026, and its profit (including 
other comprehensive income), changes in equity and its cash flows for 
the year ended on that date.
Basis for Opinion
We conducted our audit of Standalone Ind AS financial statements in 
accordance with the Standards on Auditing (SAs) as specified under 
Section 143(10) of the Act. Our responsibilities under those SAs are further 
described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Standalone 
Financial Statements section of our report. We are independent of the 
Company in accordance with the ‘Code of Ethics’ issued by the Institute 
of Chartered Accountants of India together with the ethical requirements 
that are relevant to our audit of the standalone financial statements under 
the provisions of the Act and the Rules thereunder, and we have fulfilled 
our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements 
and the Code of Ethics. We believe that the audit evidence we have 
obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.
Key Audit Matters
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, 
were of most significance in our audit of the standalone financial 
statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the 
context of our audit of the standalone financial statements as a whole, 
and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate 
opinion on these matters. We have determined the matters described 
below to be the key audit matters to be communicated in our report.
The Key Audit Matter How was the matter addressed in our audit
Revenue Recognition
Revenue is one of the key profit drivers. Cut-off is the key assertion in 
so far as revenue recognition is concerned, since an inappropriate cut-
off can result in material misstatement of results for the year.
Our audit procedures with regard to revenue recognition included testing 
controls, around dispatches/deliveries, inventory reconciliations and 
substantive testing for cut-offs and analytical review procedures.
Information other than the Financial Statements and Auditor’s 
Report thereon
The Company’s management and Board of Directors are responsible for 
the other information. The other information comprises the information 
included in the Company’s annual report, but does not include the 
standalone Ind AS financial statements and our auditors’ report thereon. 
These reports are expected to be made available to us after the date of 
this audit report.
Our opinion on the standalone Ind AS financial statements does not cover 
the other information and we do not express any form of assurance 
conclusion thereon.
In connection with our audit of the standalone Ind AS financial statements, 
our responsibility is to read the other information and, in doing so, 
consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the 
standalone financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or 
otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If, based on the work we 
have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this 
other information, we are required to report that fact. Since these reports 
are expected to be made available to us after the date of this audit report 
hence currently, we have nothing to report in this regard.
Responsibilities of Management and Those Charged with 
Governance for the Financial Statements
The Company’s management and Board of Directors are responsible 
for the matters stated in Section 134(5) of the Companies Act, 2013 
(“the Act”) with respect to the preparation of these Standalone Financial 
Statements that give a true and fair view of the financial position, state 
of affairs, profit (including other comprehensive income), changes in 
equity and cash flows of the Company in accordance with the accounting 
principles generally accepted in India, including the Indian Accounting 
Standards (Ind AS) specified under section 133 of the Act, read with 
the Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules, 2015 as amended. 
This responsibility also includes maintenance of adequate accounting 
records in accordance with the provisions of the Act for safeguarding 
the assets of the Company and for preventing and detecting frauds and 
other irregularities; selection and application of appropriate accounting 
policies; making judgments and estimates that are reasonable and 
prudent; and the design, implementation and maintenance of adequate 
internal financial controls that were operating effectively for ensuring the 
accuracy and completeness of the accounting records, relevant to the 
preparation and presentation of the Standalone financial statements that 
give a true and fair view and are free from material misstatement, whether 
due to fraud or error.
Raghav Productivity Enhancers Ltd.
118
Annual Report 2025-26

--- page 111 ---
In preparing the standalone Ind AS financial statements, management 
and Board of Directors are responsible for assessing the Company’s 
ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters 
related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting 
unless management either intends to liquidate the Company or to cease 
operations, or has no realistic alternative but to do so.
Board of Directors is also responsible for overseeing the Company’s 
financial reporting process.
Auditor’s Responsibility for the Audit of Standalone Ind AS 
Financial Statements
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the 
standalone Ind AS financial statements as a whole are free from material 
misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s 
report that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of 
assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance 
with SAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. 
Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material 
if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to 
influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these 
standalone financial statements.
As part of an audit in accordance with SAs, we exercise professional 
judgment and maintain professional skepticism throughout the 
audit. We also:
•  Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the 
standalone financial statements, whether due to fraud or error, 
design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, 
and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to 
provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material 
misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting 
from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional 
omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.
•  Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit 
in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the 
circumstances. Under Section 143(3)(i) of the Act, we are also 
responsible for expressing our opinion on whether the company 
has adequate internal financial controls with reference to standalone 
financial statements in place and the operating effectiveness 
of such controls.
•  Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the 
reasonableness of accounting estimates and related disclosures 
made by management.
•  Conclude on the appropriateness of management’s use of the going 
concern basis of accounting and, based on the audit evidence 
obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events 
or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Company’s 
ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a 
material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our 
auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the standalone financial 
statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our 
opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained 
up to the date of our auditors' report. However, future events or 
conditions may cause the Company to cease to continue as 
a going concern.
•  Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the 
standalone financial statements, including the disclosures, 
and whether the standalone financial statements represent the 
underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves 
fair presentation.
Materiality is the magnitude of misstatements in the standalone financial 
statements that, individually or in aggregate, makes it probable that 
the economic decisions of a reasonably knowledgeable user of the 
standalone financial statements may be influenced. We consider 
quantitative materiality and qualitative factors in (i) planning the scope 
of our audit work and in evaluating the results of our work; and (ii) to 
evaluate the effect of any identified misstatements in the standalone 
financial statements.
We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among 
other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit and significant 
audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control 
that we identify during our audit.
We also provide those charged with governance with a statement 
that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements regarding 
independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other 
matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, 
and where applicable, related safeguards.
From the matter communicated with those charged with governance, we 
determine those matters that were of most significance in the audit of the 
standalone financials statements of the current period and are therefore 
the key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report 
unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or 
when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should 
not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences 
of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest 
benefits of such communication.
Report on other Legal & Regulatory Requirement
1.  As required by the Companies (Auditor’s Report) Order, 2020 
(“the Order”) issued by the Central Government of India in terms 
of sub-section (11) of section 143 of the Act, we give in the 
Annexure-I statement on the matters specified in the paragraph 3 
and 4 of the Order, to the extent applicable.
2. As required by Section 143 (3) of the Act, we report that:
  a.  We have sought and obtained all the information and 
explanations which to the best of our knowledge and belief 
were necessary for the purpose of our audit.
  b.   In our opinion, proper books of account as required by law 
have been kept by the Company so far as it appears from our 
examination of those books.
 c.  The Standalone Balance Sheet, the Statement of Profit and 
Loss (including Other Comprehensive Income), Statement of 
119
Annual Report 2025-26
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 118STATUTORY REPORTS22CORPORATE OVERVIEW01

--- page 112 ---
Changes in Equity and Statement of Cash Flow dealt with by 
this Report are in agreement with the books of account.
  d.  In our opinion, the aforesaid Standalone Financial Statements 
comply with the Accounting Standards specified under 
Section 133 of the Act, read with Companies (Indian 
Accounting Standards) Rules, 2015, as amended.
  e.  On the basis of the written representations received from 
the directors as on March 31, 2026 taken on record by the 
Board of Directors, none of the directors is disqualified as on 
March 31, 2026 from being appointed as a director in terms 
of Section 164 (2) of the Act.
  f.  With respect to the adequacy of the internal financial controls 
with reference to financial statements of the Company and the 
operating effectiveness of such controls, refer to our separate 
Report in Annexure-II. Our report expresses an Unmodified 
Opinion on the adequacy and operating effectiveness of the 
company internal financial controls over financial reporting.
  g.  With respect to the other matters to be included in the 
Auditor’s Report in accordance with the requirements of 
section 197(16) of the Act, as amended:
   In our opinion and to the best of our information and according 
to the explanations given to us, the remuneration paid by the 
Company to its directors during the year is in accordance 
with the provisions of section 197 of the Act.
  h.  With respect to the other matters to be included in the Auditor’s 
Report in accordance with Rule 11 of the Companies (Audit 
and Auditors) Rules, 2014, in our opinion and to the best of 
our information and according to the explanations given to us:
     i.  The Company does not have any pending litigations 
expect as Referred in Note No.35 which would impact 
its financial position;
     ii.  The Company did not have any long-term contracts 
including derivatives contracts for which there were any 
material foreseeable losses; and
     iii.  There were no amounts which were required to be 
transferred, to the Investor Education and Protection 
Fund by the Company.
     iv. a)   The management has represented that, to the 
best of its knowledge and belief, as disclosed 
in the Note 43(k) to the standalone financial 
statements funds have been advanced or 
loaned or invested (either from borrowed funds 
or share premium or any other sources or kind 
of funds) by the company to or in any other 
person(s) or entity(ies), including foreign entities 
(“Intermediaries”), with the understanding, 
whether recorded in writing or otherwise, that the 
Intermediary shall, whether, directly or indirectly 
lend or invest in other persons or entities identified 
in any manner whatsoever by or on behalf of the 
company (“Ultimate Beneficiaries”) or provide 
any guarantee, security or the like on behalf of the 
Ultimate Beneficiaries.
   b)   The management has represented, that, to the 
best of its knowledge and belief, as disclosed 
in the Note 43(k) to the standalone financial 
statementsno funds have been received by the 
company from any person(s) or entity(ies), 
including foreign entities (“Funding Parties”), 
with the understanding, whether recorded in 
writing or otherwise, that the company shall, 
whether, directly or indirectly, lend or invest in 
other persons or entities identified in any manner 
whatsoever by or on behalf of the Funding 
Party (“Ultimate Beneficiaries”) or provide any 
guarantee, security or the like on behalf of the 
Ultimate Beneficiaries;
        c)   Based on the audit procedures that have been 
considered reasonable and appropriate in 
the circumstances, nothing has come to our 
notice that has caused us to believe that the 
representations under sub-clause (i) and (ii) of 
Rule 11 (e) as provided under (a) and (b) above 
contain any material misstatement.
  v.  The final dividend paid by the Company during the year, 
in respect of the same declared for the previous year, is 
in accordance with Section 123 of the Act to the extent 
it applies to payment of dividend.
        As stated in note 39 to the standalone financial 
statements, the Board of Directors of the Company 
has proposed final dividend for the year which is 
subject to the approval of the members at the ensuing 
Annual General Meeting. The dividend declared is in 
accordance with Section 123 of the Act to the extent it 
applies to declaration of dividend.
  vi.  Based on our examination which included test checks, 
the company has used an accounting software for 
maintaining its books of account which has a feature 
of recording audit trail (edit log) facility and the same 
has operated throughout the year for all relevant 
transactions recorded in the software. Further, during 
the course of our audit we did not come across any 
instance of audit trail feature being tampered with & the 
audit trail has been preserved by the company as per 
the statutory requirements for record retention.
For A. Bafna & Co.
Chartered Accountants
FRN: 003660C
Sd/-
(CA Rajat Sharma)
Partner
Place: Jaipur  M No: 428792
Date: April 24, 2026  UDIN: 26428792UPHUDD5696
Raghav Productivity Enhancers Ltd.
120
Annual Report 2025-26

--- page 113 ---
Annexure 1 to Independent Auditors Report
Referred to in Paragraph 1 under ‘Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirement’ section of our report to the Members of Raghav Productivity 
Enhancers Limited of even date for the year ended March 31, 2026.
To the best of our information and according to the explanations provided 
to us by the Company and the books of account and records examined 
by us in the normal course of audit, we state that:
1.  In respect of the Company’s Property, Plant and Equipment, and 
Intangible Assets:
a) (A)  The Company has maintained proper records showing full 
particulars, including quantitative details and situation of 
Property, Plant and Equipment.
 (B)  The Company has maintained proper records showing full 
particulars of Intangible assets.
b)  The Company has a program of physical verification of Property, 
Plant and Equipment so to cover all the assets every year. Pursuant to 
the program, Property, Plant and Equipment were physically verified 
by the Management during the year. According to the information 
and explanations given to us, no material discrepancies were 
noticed on such verification.
c)  Based on our examination of the registered sale deed / transfer 
deed / conveyance deed provided to us, we report that the title 
of all the immovable properties (Other than properties where the 
company is a lessee & the lease agreement is dully executed in 
favour of the lessee) disclosed in the financial statements are held 
in the name of the company as at the balance sheet date.
d)  The Company has not revalued any of its Property, Plant and 
Equipment and intangible assets during the year.
e)  No proceedings have been initiated during the year or are pending 
against the Company as at March 31, 2026 for holding any benami 
property under the Benami Transactions (Prohibition) Act, 1988 (as 
amended in 2016) and rules made thereunder
2. (a)   The inventory has been physically verified during the year by 
the management. In our opinion, the frequency together with 
coverage & procedure of verification are reasonable, further 
the management has not found discrepancies of more than 
10% or more in the aggregate for each class of inventory.
 (b)   The Company has been sanctioned working capital limits 
in excess of `5 crores, in aggregate, at any points of time 
during the year, from banks or financial institutions on the 
basis of security of current assets, we have broadly reviewed 
the quarterly returns / statement filed by the company with 
such bank and the books of accounts of the company and no 
material discrepancies were observed.
3.  The Company has not made an investment but has provided loan to 
its wholly owned subsidiary company and it has not provided any 
guarantee or security for such loans in this regard.
 (a)  The Company has not made any investment, nor provided 
any guarantee or security, nor granted any loans or advances 
in the nature of loans, secured or unsecured, to companies, 
firms, LLPs or any other parties during the year under 
audit, except Loan provided to wholly owned subsidiary i.e. 
Raghav Productivity Solutions Private Limited during the year, 
the required details to the extent applicable are as under: -
Name of Body Corporate Raghav Productivity 
Solutions Private Limited
(Wholly Owned Subsidiary 
Company)
Opening 360.39 Lakhs
Amount of loan given during 
the period (Including Interest 
charged)
3,699.40 Lakhs
Amount of repayment received 
during the year
4,056.14 Lakhs
Interest Charged @7.50% p.a. 53.78 Lakhs
Closing Balance 3.65 Lakhs
Purpose to which loan given For the Principal Business 
activities of the recipient
 (b)  In our opinion, the terms and conditions of the grant of 
loans, during the year, prima facie, not prejudicial to the 
Company’s interest.
  (c)  In respect of loans granted by the Company, the schedule 
of repayment of principal and payment of interest has 
been stipulated and the repayments of principal amounts 
and receipts of interest are generally being regular as 
per stipulation.
  (d)  There are no overdue amounts in respect of the loan granted 
to a body corporate listed in the register maintained under 
section 189 of the Act.
  (e)  No loan granted by the Company which has fallen due 
during the year, has been renewed or extended or fresh loans 
granted to settle the over dues of existing loans given to 
the same parties.
  (f)  The Company has not been granted any loans or advances 
in the nature of loans either repayable on demand or without 
specifying any terms or period of repayment during the year. 
Hence, reporting under clause 3(iii)(f) is not applicable.
4.  In our opinion and according to the information and explanations 
given to us, the Company has complied with the provisions of 
section 185 and 186 of the Act, with respect to the loans and 
investments made.
121
Annual Report 2025-26
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 118STATUTORY REPORTS22CORPORATE OVERVIEW01

--- page 114 ---
5.  The Company has not accepted any deposit or amounts which are 
deemed to be deposits. Hence, reporting under clause 3(v) of the 
Order is not applicable.
6.  The maintenance of cost records has not been specified by the 
Central Government under sub-section (1) of section 148 of the 
Companies Act, 2013 for the business activities carried out by the 
Company. Hence, reporting under clause (vi) of the Order is not 
applicable to the Company.
7. In respect of statutory dues:
  a)  In our opinion, the Company has been regular in depositing 
undisputed statutory dues, including Goods and Services tax, 
Provident Fund, Employees' State Insurance, Income Tax, 
Sales Tax, Service Tax, duty of Custom, duty of Excise, Value 
Added Tax, Cess and other material statutory dues applicable 
to it with the appropriate authorities except few delays. 
There were no undisputed amounts payable in respect of 
Goods and Service tax, Provident Fund, Employees' State 
Insurance, Income Tax, Sales Tax, Service Tax, duty of 
Custom, duty of Excise, Value Added Tax, Cess and other 
material statutory dues in arrears as at March 31, 2026 for a 
period of more than six months from the date they become 
payable except few delays.
  b)  According to the information and explanation given to us, 
there are no pending dues of Income Tax, Sales Tax, Service 
Tax, Custom Duty, Excise Duty, Goods & Service Tax which 
are not deposited on account of dispute except
Name of 
Statute
Nature 
of Dues
Period 
to which 
amount 
related
Forum 
where 
Dispute is 
pending
Amount 
(`In
Lakhs)
Income 
tax
Income 
Tax
AY 2017-18 Centralised 
Processing 
Centre
9.24
Income 
tax
TDS AY 2024-25 
to
AY 2026-27
At Traces 
Portal
8.10
8.  There were no transactions relating to previously unrecorded 
income that have been surrendered or disclosed as income 
during the year in the tax assessments under the Income Tax Act, 
1961 (43 of 1961).
9. a)  According to the records of the company examined by us 
and as per the information and explanations given to us, the 
company has not defaulted in repayment of loans or other 
borrowings or in the payment of interest thereon to any 
financial institution or banks or lender.
  b)  According to the records of the company examined by 
us and as per the information and explanations given to 
us, The Company has not been declared willful defaulter 
by any bank or financial institution or government or any 
government authority.
  c)  According to the records of the company examined by us 
and as per the information and explanations given to us, the 
company has not taken any Term loan hence this sub-clause 
is not applicable to the company.
 d)  According to the records of the company examined by us 
and as per the information and explanations given to us, 
on an overall examination of the financial statements of the 
Company, no funds raised on short-term basis have been 
used for long-term purposes by the Company.
  e)  According to the records of the company examined by us 
and as per the information and explanations given to us, 
on an overall examination of the financial statements of the 
Company, the Company has not taken any funds from any 
entity or person on account of or to meet the obligations of its 
subsidiaries or associate companies.
  f)  According to the records of the company examined by us 
and as per the information and explanations given to us, the 
Company has not raised loans during the year on the pledge 
of securities held in its subsidiaries or associate companies. 
Hence, the requirement to report on clause (ix) (f) of the 
Order is not applicable to the Company.
10. (a)  The Company has not raised money(s) by way of initial public 
offer or further public offer (including debt instruments) 
during the year and hence reporting under clause 3(x)(a) of 
the Order is not applicable.
  (b)   During the year, the Company has not made any preferential 
allotment or private placement of shares or convertible 
debentures (fully or partly or optionally) except Employee 
Stock Options (ESOPs) granted to employees its employees 
and employees of its subsidiary company in accordance with 
the approved ESOP Scheme. In our opinion, the Company 
has complied with the requirements of Section 62(1)(b) 
and other relevant provisions of the Companies Act, 2013. 
Since ESOP issuance does not involve preferential allotment/
private placement under Section 42, reporting under clause 
is not specifically attracted to that extent.”
11. (a)   No fraud by the Company and no material fraud on the 
Company has been noticed or reported during the year.
  (b)   No report under sub-section (12) of section 143 of the 
Companies Act has been filed in Form ADT-4 as prescribed 
under rule 13 of Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014 
with the Central Government, during the year and up to the 
date of this report.
  (c)   As represented to us by the management, there are no whistle 
blower complaints received by the Company during the year.
12.  The Company is not a Nidhi Company and hence reporting under 
clause (xii) of the Order is not applicable.
Raghav Productivity Enhancers Ltd.
122
Annual Report 2025-26

--- page 115 ---
13.   In our opinion, the Company is in compliance with Section 177 
and 188 of the Companies Act, 2013 with respect to applicable 
transactions with the related parties and the details of related party 
transactions have been disclosed in the financial statements as 
required by the applicable accounting standards.
14. (a)   In our opinion the Company has an adequate internal 
audit system commensurate with the size and the nature 
of its business
  (b)   We have considered the internal audit reports for the year 
under audit, issued to the Company during the year and 
till date, in determining the nature, timing and extent of our 
audit procedures.
15.  In our opinion during the year the Company has not entered into any 
non-cash transactions with its directors or persons connected with 
its directors, and hence provisions of section 192 of the Companies 
Act, 2013 are not applicable to the Company.
16. (a)  According to information & explanation given to us, the 
Company is not required to be registered under section 45-lA 
of the Reserve Bank of India Act, 1934 and the company 
has not conducted any NBFC business during the year, 
hence, reporting under clause 3(xvi)(a), (b) of the Order is 
not applicable.
 (b)   In our opinion, there is no core investment company within 
the Group (as defined in the Core Investment Companies 
(Reserve Bank) Directions, 2016) and accordingly reporting 
under clause 3(xvi)(d) of the Order is not applicable.
17.  The Company has not incurred cash losses during the financial year 
covered by our audit and the immediately preceding financial year.
18.  There has been no resignation of the statutory auditors of the 
Company during the year.
19.  On the basis of the financial ratios, ageing and expected dates of 
realization of financial assets and payment of financial liabilities, 
other information accompanying the financial statements and 
our knowledge of the Board of Directors and Management plans 
and based on our examination of the evidence supporting the 
assumptions, nothing has come to our attention, which causes us 
to believe that any material uncertainty exists as on the date of the 
audit report indicating that Company is not capable of meeting its 
liabilities existing at the date of balance sheet as and when they 
fall due within a period of one year from the balance sheet date. 
We, however, state that this is not an assurance as to the future 
viability of the Company. We further state that our reporting is 
based on the facts up to the date of the audit report and we neither, 
give any guarantee nor any assurance that all liabilities falling due 
within a period of one year from the balance sheet date, will get 
discharged by the Company as and when they fall due.
20.  The According to the information and explanations given to us and 
based on our examination of the records of the company, there 
are no unspent amounts that are required to be transferred to a 
fund specified in Schedule VII to the companies Act (the Act), 
in compliance with second proviso to sub section 5 of section 
135 of the Act.
  In our opinion, there are no unspent amounts in respect of ongoing 
projects, that are required to be transferred to a special account 
in compliance of provision of sub section (6) of section 135 
of Companies Act.
21.  With respect to the matters specified in paragraphs 3(xxi) and 4 
of the Companies (Auditor’s Report) Order, 2020 (the “Order”/ 
“CARO”) issued by the Central Government in terms of Section 
143(11) of the Act, to be included in the Auditor’s report, according 
to the information and explanations given to us, and based on the 
Auditor’s Reports on the financial statements of Company and its 
subsidiary as at and for the year ended March 31, 2026, included 
in the consolidated financial statements of the Group, we have not 
reported any qualifications or adverse remarks.
For A. Bafna & Co.
Chartered Accountants
FRN: 003660C
Sd/-
(CA Rajat Sharma)
Partner
Place: Jaipur  M No: 428792
Date: April 24, 2026  UDIN: 26428792UPHUDD5696
123
Annual Report 2025-26
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 118STATUTORY REPORTS22CORPORATE OVERVIEW01

--- page 116 ---
Annexure II to the Independent Auditors’ Report
Referred to in paragraph 2(f) under ‘Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements’ section of our report of even date to the members of 
Raghav Productivity Enhancers Limited.
Report on the Internal Financial Controls with reference to 
Standalone Financials Statements under Clause (i) of Sub-
section 3 of Section 143 of the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”)
In conjunction with our audit of the Standalone financial statements of 
the Company as of and for the year ended March 31, 2026, we have 
audited the internal financial controls over financial reporting RAGHAV 
PRODUCTIVITY ENHANCERS LIMITED. (“the Company”) as of 
March 31, 2026 in conjunction with our audit of the financial statements 
of the Company for the year ended on that date
Management’s Responsibility for Internal Financial Controls
The Board of Directors of the company is responsible for establishing 
and maintaining internal financial controls with reference to Standalone 
Financial Statements based on “the internal control over financial 
reporting criteria established by the Company considering the essential 
components of internal control stated in the Guidance Note on Audit 
of Internal Financial Controls Over Financial Reporting issued by the 
Institute of Chartered Accountants of India”. These responsibilities 
include the design, implementation and maintenance of adequate internal 
financial controls that were operating effectively for ensuring the orderly 
and efficient conduct of its business, including adherence to company’s 
policies, the safeguarding of its assets, the prevention and detection of 
frauds and errors, the accuracy and completeness of the accounting 
records, and the timely preparation of reliable financial information, as 
required under the Companies Act, 2013.
Auditors’ Responsibility
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s internal 
financial controls over financial reporting based on our audit. 
We conducted our audit in accordance with the Guidance Note on Audit 
of Internal Financial Controls Over Financial Reporting (the “Guidance 
Note”) and the Standards on Auditing, issued by ICAI and deemed to be 
prescribed under section 143(10) of the Companies Act, 2013, to the 
extent applicable to an audit of internal financial controls, both applicable 
to an audit of internal financial controls and, both issued by the Institute of 
Chartered Accountants of India. Those Standards and the Guidance Note 
require that we comply with ethical requirements and plan and perform 
the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether adequate internal 
financial controls over financial reporting was established and maintained 
and if such controls operated effectively in all material respects.
Our audit involves performing procedures to obtain audit evidence about 
the adequacy of the internal financial controls system over financial 
reporting and their operating effectiveness. Our audit of internal financial 
controls over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of 
internal financial controls over financial reporting, assessing the risk that 
a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and 
operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. 
The procedures selected depend on the auditor’s judgement, including 
the assessment of the risks of material misstatement of the financial 
statements, whether due to fraud or error.
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and 
appropriate to provide a basis for our audit opinion on the Company’s 
internal financial controls system over financial reporting.
Meaning of Internal Financial Controls over Financial Reporting 
with reference to Standalone financial statements
A company’s internal financial control over financial reporting is a process 
designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of 
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external 
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. 
A company’s internal financial control over financial reporting includes 
those policies and procedures that:
1)  Pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, 
accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the 
assets of the company;
2)  Provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded 
as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in 
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and 
that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only 
in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of 
the company; and
3)  Provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely 
detection of unauthorised acquisition, use, or disposition of 
the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the 
financial statements.
Inherent Limitations of Internal Financial Controls Over 
Financial Reporting with reference to standalone financial 
statement
Because of the inherent limitations of internal financial controls over 
financial reporting, including the possibility of collusion or improper 
management override of controls, material misstatements due to error or 
fraud may occur and not be detected. Also, projections of any evaluation 
Raghav Productivity Enhancers Ltd.
124
Annual Report 2025-26

--- page 117 ---
of the internal financial controls over financial reporting to future periods 
are subject to the risk that the internal financial control over financial 
reporting may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, 
or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures 
may deteriorate.
Opinion
In our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the 
explanations given to us, the company has maintained, in all material 
respects, adequate internal financial control over financial reporting and 
such internal financial controls over financial reporting were operating 
effectively as of March 31, 2026, based on “the internal control over 
financial reporting criteria established by the Company considering the 
essential components of internal control stated in the Guidance Note on 
Audit of Internal Financial Controls over Financial Reporting issued by the 
Institute of Chartered Accountants of India”.
For A. Bafna & Co.
Chartered Accountants
FRN: 003660C
Sd/-
(CA Rajat Sharma)
Partner
Place: Jaipur  M No: 428792
Date: April 24, 2026  UDIN: 26428792UPHUDD5696
125
Annual Report 2025-26
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 118STATUTORY REPORTS22CORPORATE OVERVIEW01

--- page 118 ---
The accompanying notes form an integral part of the standalone Financial Statements
AS PER OUR REPORT OF EVEN DATE For and on behalf of the Board of Directors
Raghav Productivity Enhancers Ltd.
For A. Bafna & Co.
Chartered Accountants
Firm Reg. No. 003660C
Sd/- Sd/- Sd/-
CA Rajat Sharma Rajesh Kabra Sanjay Kabra
(Partner) (Managing Director) (Whole Time Director)
M. No. 428792 DIN:00935200 DIN:02552178
Sd/- Sd/-
Deepak Jaju Neha Rathi
Date : April 24, 2026 (CFO) (Company Secretary)
Place : Jaipur Pan No. : AIDPJ5564H Membership No:38807
Standalone Balance Sheet
as at March 31, 2026
(` In Lakhs)
S. No. Particulars Note No. As at
March 31, 2026
As at
March 31, 2025
I ASSETS
(1) Non-current assets
(a)  Property, Plant & Equipment 3 2,746.06 2,679.67
(b)  Capital work-in-progress 3 217.61 3.40
(c)  Other Intangible Asset 3 4.32 1.55
(d)  Financial Assets
  (i)  Investments 4 6,521.45 6,510.00
  (ii)  Loans & Advances 5 36.04 32.61
  (iii)  Other Assets 6 1,201.25 -
(e)  Other non-current assets 7 4.06 -
Total Non-current Asset 10,730.79 9,227.23
(2) Current assets
(a)  Inventories 8 2,357.19 2,278.00
(b)  Financial Assets
  (i)  Trade Receivables 9 3,609.58 3,818.39
  (ii)  Cash and Cash equivalents 10 684.95 575.23
  (iii)  Bank Balances other than (ii) above 11 8.52 9.20
  (iv)  Loans & Advances 5 3.65 361.39
  (v)  Investments 4 4,069.28 3,409.88
(c) Other current assets 7 249.61 124.08
Total Current Asset 10,982.79 10,576.18
Total Assets 21,713.58 19,803.41
II. EQUITY AND LIABILITIES
(1) EQUITY
(a)  Equity Share capital 12 4,591.20 4,590.52
(b)  Other Equity 13 15,804.27 13,287.33
Total Equity 20,395.47 17,877.85
(2) Non-current liabilities
(a)  Financial Liabilities - -
(b)  Provisions 14 40.43 58.31
(c)  Deferred tax liabilities (Net) 15 286.35 277.57
Total Non-current Liabilities 326.78 335.88
(3) Current liabilities
(a)  Financial Liabilities
  (i)  Trade Payables 16
     (a)  Total outstanding dues of MSME 117.65 121.09
     (b)  Total O/S dues of creditors other than MSME 494.07 924.37
 (ii)  Other Financial Liabilities 17 156.92 280.51
(b)  Other current liabilities 18 166.74 115.85
(c)  Provisions 14 11.06 13.64
(d)  Current Tax Liabilities (Net) 19 44.89 134.21
Total Current Liabilities 991.33 1,589.68
Total Liabilities 1,318.11 1,925.56
Total Equity and Liabilities 21,713.58 19,803.41
Raghav Productivity Enhancers Ltd.
126
Annual Report 2025-26

--- page 119 ---
The accompanying notes form an integral part of the standalone Financial Statements
AS PER OUR REPORT OF EVEN DATE For and on behalf of the Board of Directors
Raghav Productivity Enhancers Ltd.
For A. Bafna & Co.
Chartered Accountants
Firm Reg. No. 003660C
Sd/- Sd/- Sd/-
CA Rajat Sharma Rajesh Kabra Sanjay Kabra
(Partner) (Managing Director) (Whole Time Director)
M. No. 428792 DIN:00935200 DIN:02552178
Sd/- Sd/-
Deepak Jaju Neha Rathi
Date : April 24, 2026 (CFO) (Company Secretary)
Place : Jaipur Pan No. : AIDPJ5564H Membership No:38807
Standalone Statement of Profit & Loss
for the year ended on March 31, 2026
(` In Lakhs)
S. No. Particulars Note No. Year Ended
March 31, 2026
Year Ended
March 31, 2025
I. Revenue from operations 20 11,431.67 11537.75
II. Other Income 21 719.22 246.73
III. Total Income 12,150.89 11784.48
IV. Expenses:
Cost of Materials Consumed 22 3,055.21 3,176.20
Purchases of Stock-in-Trade 23 513.38 215.21
Changes in inventories of Finished Goods, Work-in-Progress and Stock-in-
Trade
24 (96.11) (12.13)
Employee Benefits Expense 25 422.20 477.62
Finance costs 26 12.97 11.75
Depreciation and amortization Expenses 27 268.28 265.37
Other Expenses 28 4,203.52 4,767.07
Total expenses 8,379.46 8,901.09
V. Profit before exceptional items and tax 3,771.43 2,883.39
VI. Exceptional items - -
VII. Profit before tax 3,771.43 2,883.39
VIII. Tax expense:
(1)  Current tax 30 854.62 754.70
(2)  Deferred tax & Earlier Year taxes 30 0.01 (10.75)
Total Tax Expenses 854.63 743.95
IX Profit/(Loss) for the period 2,916.80 2,139.44
Other Comprehensive Income
(a) (i)  Items that will not be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss 11.98 10.06
(ii)   Income tax relating to items that will not be reclassified subsequently to 
profit or loss
(3.02) (2.53)
(b) (i)  Items that will be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss - -
(ii)   Income tax relating to items that will be reclassified subsequently to 
profit or loss
- -
Total Other Comprehensive income 8.96 7.53
Total Comprehensive Income for the year 2,925.76 2,146.97
X. Earnings per equity share
(1)  Basic 31 6.35 4.66
(2)  Diluted 31 6.35 4.66
127
Annual Report 2025-26
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 118STATUTORY REPORTS22CORPORATE OVERVIEW01

--- page 120 ---
Standalone Cash Flow Statement
for the year ended on March 31, 2026
(` In Lakhs)
Particulars Year Ended
March 31, 2026
Year Ended
March 31, 2025
(A) Cash Flow from Operating Activities
(I) Net Profit before Tax & Extraordinary item 3,771.43 2,883.39
Add/Less :
Other Comprehensive Income 11.98 10.06
Provision for Employee Benefit (20.46) (11.14)
Provision for Expected Credit Loss 6.53 3.93
Depriciation and amortization expenses 268.28 265.37
Interest Income (55.56) (119.17)
Net (Profit)/ Loss on Sale/ Discard of Property, Plant and Equipment - 12.62
Net Gain on sale/Fair Value of Mutual Funds (203.07) (127.56)
Finance Costs 12.97 11.75
ESOP Expenses 18.75 55.51
Dividend Income (456.25) -
Operating Profit Before Working Capital Changes 3,354.60 2,984.76
(II) Change in Working Capital :
Adjustment For :
Decrease/(Increase) in Inventories (79.20) 102.44
Decrease/(Increase) in Trade Receivables 202.27 (454.39)
Decrease/(Increase) in Loans & Advances 354.32 484.91
Decrease/(Increase) in Other Current Assets (124.46) (4.23)
Increase/(Decrease) in Trade Payables (433.76) 70.54
Increase/(Decrease) in Other Current Liabilities 50.89 (33.18)
Increase/(Decrease) in Other Financial Liabilities (123.57) 214.35
(153.50) 380.44
Cash Generated from Operations 3,201.10 3,365.20
Income Tax Paid (938.19) (634.19)
Net Cash flow from Operating Activities (I + II) 2,262.90 2,731.01
(B) Cash Flow from Investing Activities
(Increase)/Decrease in Other Non Current Assets (4.06) -
Sale of Property Plant and Equipment 1.66 2.00
Investment in Non Current Fixed deposit (1,201.25) -
Purchase of Property, Plant and Equipment including CWIP and Intangible Assets (553.31) (615.20)
Interest Income 55.56 119.17
Investment in Fixed Deposits/Mutual funds (456.72) (1,865.11)
Dividend Received 456.25 -
Cash used in Investing Activities (1,701.87) (2,359.14)
Raghav Productivity Enhancers Ltd.
128
Annual Report 2025-26

--- page 121 ---
The accompanying notes form an integral part of the standalone Financial Statements
AS PER OUR REPORT OF EVEN DATE For and on behalf of the Board of Directors
Raghav Productivity Enhancers Ltd.
For A. Bafna & Co.
Chartered Accountants
Firm Reg. No. 003660C
Sd/- Sd/- Sd/-
CA Rajat Sharma Rajesh Kabra Sanjay Kabra
(Partner) (Managing Director) (Whole Time Director)
M. No. 428792 DIN:00935200 DIN:02552178
Sd/- Sd/-
Deepak Jaju Neha Rathi
Date : April 24, 2026 (CFO) (Company Secretary)
Place : Jaipur Pan No. : AIDPJ5564H Membership No:38807
Standalone Cash Flow Statement
for the year ended on March 31, 2026
(` In Lakhs)
Particulars Year Ended
March 31, 2026
Year Ended
March 31, 2025
(C) Cash Flow from Financing Activities
Proceeds from Issue of Share Capital & Share Premium 20.78 -
Finance Costs (12.97) (11.75)
Dividend paid (459.12) (206.57)
Net Cash used in Financing Activities (451.31) (218.32)
Net Increase in Cash & Cash Equivalents (A + B + C) 109.73 153.54
Cash & Cash equivalent at the beginning of the year 575.23 421.69
Cash & Cash equivalent at the end of the year 684.95 575.23
129
Annual Report 2025-26
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 118STATUTORY REPORTS22CORPORATE OVERVIEW01

--- page 122 ---
Statement of Changes in Equity
for the year ended on March 31, 2026
A. Equity Share Capital 
(1) Current reporting period 
(` in Lakhs)
Balance at the beginning of the current 
reporting period-April 1, 2025
Changes in Equity Share Capital due to 
prior period errors
Restated balance at the beginning of the 
current reporting period
Changes in equity share capital 
during the current year
Balance at the end of current 
reporting period-March 31, 
2026
4,590.52 - - 0.68 4,591.20
Board of Directors of the company in their meeting held on April 30, 2025 confirm allotment of 6760 shares @ face value of ` 10/- each to the specified employees under RPEL Employee Stock Option Scheme 
2018, the shares were listed on BSE Limited and National Stock Exchange w.e.f May 13, 2025.    
(2) Previous reporting period
(` in Lakhs)
Balance at the beginning of the 
previous reporting period-April 1, 2024
Changes in Equity Share Capital due to 
prior period errors
Restated balance at the beginning of the 
previous reporting period
Changes in equity share capital 
during the previous year
Balance at the end of 
previous reporting period-
March 31, 2025
2,295.26 - - 2,295.26 4,590.52
Note: During the financial year 24-25 the company has issued Bonus Equity Shares in the proportion of 1 (one) Bonus Equity Share of ` 10/- each for every 1 (one) existing fully paid-up Equity Share of ` 10/- 
each to the Equity Shareholders whose name was appearing in the Register of Members as on record date November 29, 2024.
B. Other Equity
(1) Current reporting period
(` in Lakhs)
Share 
application 
money 
pending 
allotment
Equity 
component of 
compounded 
financial 
instruments
Reserves and Surplus Money 
received 
against 
share 
warrants
Total
Capital 
Reserve
Securities 
Premium
Other 
Reserves 
(Specify 
Nature)
Share Based 
Payment 
Reserve
Retained 
earnings
Debt 
Instruments 
through Other 
Comprehensive 
Income
Equity 
Instruments 
through Other 
Comprehensive 
Income
Effective 
Portion of 
Cash Flow 
Hedges
Revaluation 
surplus
Exchange 
Differences 
on 
translating 
the financial 
statements 
of a foreign 
operation
Other items 
of other 
Comprehensive 
Income (specify 
nature)-
Remeasurement 
of net defined 
benefit plans
Balance at the 
beginning of the current 
reporting period-April 
1, 2025
- - - 942.15 - 66.51 12,260.15 - - - - - 18.52 - 13,287.33
Changes in accounting 
g policy or prior period 
errors
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Raghav Productivity Enhancers Ltd.
130
Annual Report 2025-26

--- page 123 ---
Statement of Changes in Equity
for the year ended on March 31, 2026
(` in Lakhs)
Share 
application 
money 
pending 
allotment
Equity 
component of 
compounded 
financial 
instruments
Reserves and Surplus Money 
received 
against 
share 
warrants
Total
Capital 
Reserve
Securities 
Premium
Other 
Reserves 
(Specify 
Nature)
Share Based 
Payment 
Reserve
Retained 
earnings
Debt 
Instruments 
through Other 
Comprehensive 
Income
Equity 
Instruments 
through Other 
Comprehensive 
Income
Effective 
Portion of 
Cash Flow 
Hedges
Revaluation 
surplus
Exchange 
Differences 
on 
translating 
the financial 
statements 
of a foreign 
operation
Other items 
of other 
Comprehensive 
Income (specify 
nature)-
Remeasurement 
of net defined 
benefit plans
Restated balance at the 
beginning of the current 
reporting period
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Total Comprehensive 
Income for the current 
year
- - - - - - - - - - - 8.96 - 8.96
Share Based Payment - - - 42.82 - 7.47 - - - - - - - - 50.30
Dividends - - - - - (459.12) - - - - - - - (459.12)
Profit for the Year - - - - - - 2,916.80 - - - - - - - 2,916.80
Bonus Issue - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Balance at the end of 
the current reporting 
period-March 31, 2026
- - - 984.98 - 73.98 14,717.83 - - - - - 27.48 - 15,804.27
Board of Directors of the company in their meeting held on April 30, 2025 confirm allotment of 6760 shares @ face value of ` 10/- each to the specified employees under RPEL Employee Stock Option Scheme 
2018, the shares were listed on BSE Limited and National Stock Exchange w.e.f May 13, 2025.
131
Annual Report 2025-26
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 118STATUTORY REPORTS22CORPORATE OVERVIEW01

--- page 124 ---
Statement of Changes in Equity
for the year ended on March 31, 2026
(2) Previous reporting period
(` in Lakhs)
Share 
application 
money 
pending 
allotment
Equity 
component of 
compounded 
financial 
instruments
Reserves and Surplus Money 
received 
against 
share 
warrants
Total
Capital 
Reserve
Securities 
Premium
Other 
Reserves 
(Specify 
Nature)
Share Based 
Payment 
Reserve
Retained 
earnings
Debt 
Instruments 
through Other 
Comprehensive 
Income
Equity 
Instruments 
through Other 
Comprehensive 
Income
Effective 
Portion of 
Cash Flow 
Hedges
Revaluation 
surplus
Exchange 
Differences 
on 
translating 
the financial 
statements 
of a foreign 
operation
Other items 
of other 
Comprehensive 
Income (specify 
nature)-
Remeasurement 
of net defined 
benefit plans
Balance at the beginning 
of the current reporting 
period-April 1, 2024
- - - 3,237.41 - 11.00 10,327.28 - - - - - 10.99 - 13,586.68
Changes in accounting 
g policy or prior period 
errors
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Restated balance at the 
beginning of the current 
reporting period
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Total Comprehensive 
Income for the current 
year
- - - - - - - - - - - - 7.53 - 7.53
Share Based Payment - - - - - 55.51 - - - - - - - - 55.51
Dividends - - - - - - (206.57) - - - - - - - (206.57)
Profit for the Year - - - - - - 2,139.44 - - - - - - - 2,139.44
Bonus Issue - - - (2,295.26) - - - - - - - - - - (2,295.26)
Balance at the end of the 
current reporting period-
March 31, 2025
 - - - 942.15 - 66.51 12,260.15 - - - - - 18.52 - 13,287.33
Note: Remeasurment of defined benefit plans and fair value changes relating to own credit risk of financial liabilities designated at fair value through profit or loss shall be recognised as a part of retained earnings 
with separate disclosure of such items alongwith the relevant amounts in the Notes or shall be shown as a separate column under Reserves and Surplus
AS PER OUR REPORT OF EVEN DATE For and on behalf of the Board of Directors
Raghav Productivity Enhancers Ltd.
For A. Bafna & Co.
Chartered Accountants
Firm Reg. No. 003660C
Sd/- Sd/- Sd/-
CA Rajat Sharma Rajesh Kabra Sanjay Kabra
(Partner) (Managing Director) (Whole Time Director)
M. No. 428792 DIN:00935200 DIN:02552178
Sd/- Sd/-
Deepak Jaju Neha Rathi
Date : April 24, 2026 (CFO) (Company Secretary)
Place : Jaipur Pan No. : AIDPJ5564H Membership No:38807
Raghav Productivity Enhancers Ltd.
132
Annual Report 2025-26

--- page 125 ---
Notes to the Standalone Ind AS Financial Statement
for the year ended March 31, 2026
1 Corporate Information
  Raghav Productivity Enhancers Limited (the company) is a Public 
limited company domiciled in India and incorporated under the 
provisions of the Companies Act, 1956. The company is engaged 
in manufacturing and trading of Ramming Mass and other 
Quartz related items.
  The Board of Directors approved the Financial Statements 
for the year ended March 31, 2026 and authorised for issue 
on April 24, 2026
2 Basis of Preparation
  These financial statements have been prepared in accordance with 
Indian Accounting Standards (referred to as "Ind AS") as prescribed 
under Section 133 of the Companies Act, 2013 ("the Act") read 
with Rule 3 of the Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules, 
2015 as amended from time to time.
  These financial statements have been prepared on the historical cost 
basis, except for certain financial instruments which are measured 
at fair values at the end of each reporting period as explained in 
the accounting policies below. Historical cost is generally based on 
the fair value of the consideration given in exchange for goods and 
services. Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an 
asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between 
market participants at the measurement date.
  Accounting policies have been consistently applied except where a 
newly issued accounting standard is initially adopted or a revision 
to an existing accounting standard requires a change in the 
accounting policy hitherto in use.
  The material accounting policy information related to preparation 
of the standalone financial statements have been discussed in the 
respective notes.
3 Functional and Presentation Currency
  The financial statements are prepared in Indian Rupees ("INR") 
which is the Company's presentation currency and the functional 
currency for its operations. All financial information presented in 
INR has been rounded to the nearest lacs with two decimal places 
unless stated otherwise.
4 Use of Estimates and judgments
  The preparation of the financial statements in conformity with 
Ind AS requires management to make estimates, judgments and 
assumptions. These estimates, judgments and assumptions affect 
the application of accounting policies and the reported amounts 
of assets and liabilities, the disclosures of contingent assets and 
liabilities at the date of the financial statements and reported 
amounts of revenues and expenses during the year.
  The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on 
an ongoing basis. Revisions to the accounting estimates are 
recognised in the period in which the estimate is revised and future 
periods affected.
  material judgments and estimates relating to carrying value of assets 
and liabilities include useful lives of Property, plant and equipment, 
impairment of Property, plant and equipment, investments, 
provision for employee benefits and other provisions, recoverability 
of deferred tax assets, commitments and contingencies.
5   Classification of Assets and Liabilities as Current and Non 
Current
  All Assets and Liabilities have been classified as current or 
non-current as per the Company’s normal operating cycle and 
other criteria set out in the Schedule III to the Companies Act, 
2013. Based on the nature of product & activities of the Company 
and their realization in cash and cash equivalent, the Company 
has determined its operating cycle as 12 months for the purpose 
of current and non-current classification of assets and liabilities. 
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are classified as non-current 
assets and liabilities.
6 Material accounting policies
  The following are the material accounting policies adopted in 
the preparation of these financial statements. These policies 
have been consistently applied to all the years presented, unless 
otherwise stated.
  The Company uses the following critical accounting judgements, 
estimates and assumptions in preparation of its standalone 
financial statements:
6.1 Recognition of Revenue and Expenditure
  Revenue from contracts with customers is recognized on transfer 
of control of promised goods or services to a customer at an 
amount that reflects the consideration to which the Company is 
expected to be entitled to in exchange for those goods or services.
  Revenue towards satisfaction of a performance obligation is 
measured at the amount of transaction price (net of variable 
consideration) allocated to that performance obligation.The 
transaction price of goods sold and services rendered iss net 
of variable consideration on account of various discounts and 
schemes offered by the Company as part of the contract.This 
variable consideration is estimated based on the expected value 
of outflow. Revenue (net of variable consideration) is recognized 
only to the extent that it is highly probable that the amount will not 
be subject to significant reversal when uncertainty relating to its 
recognition is resolved.
133
Annual Report 2025-26
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 118STATUTORY REPORTS22CORPORATE OVERVIEW01


--- page 126 ---
Notes to the Standalone Ind AS Financial Statement
for the year ended March 31, 2026
 Sale of Goods
  Revenue from sale of products is recognized when the control on 
the goods have been transferred to the customer. The performance 
obligation in case of sale of product is satisfied at a point in time 
i.e., when the material is shipped to the customer or on delivery to 
the customer, as may be specified in the contract.
 Interest
  Interest income is recognized on a time proportion basis taking 
into account the amount outstanding and the effective interest rate 
method. Interest income is included under the head "Other Income" 
in statement of profit and loss.
 Export Incentive
  Revenue from export incentives are accounted for on export 
of goods if the entitlements can be estimated with reasonable 
assurance and condition precedent to claim are fulfilled.
 Expenses
  All expenses are charged in statement of profit and loss as and 
when they are incurred.
6.2 Property, Plant & Equipment
  Property, plant and equipment are stated at cost comprising of 
purchase price and any initial directly attributable cost of bringing 
the asset to its working condition for its intended use, less 
accumulated depreciation and impairment loss, if any.
  Depreciation is provided for property, plant and equipment on a 
straight line method so as to expenses the cost less residual value 
over their useful lives assets as prescribed in Schedule II of the 
Companies Act, 2013. The estimated useful lives and residual value 
are reviewed at the end of each reporting period, with the effect of 
any change in estimate accounted for on a prospective basis.
  Depreciation is not recorded on capital work-in progress until 
construction and installation is completed and the asset is 
for intended use.
6.3 Inventory
  Inventories consists of Raw Material, Work In Progress, Finished 
Goods, Stores & Spares and packing materials.
  Inventories are valued at the lower of cost or net realisable value. 
Cost is determined on weighted average basis.
  Raw materials, Stores & Spares & Packing material: Cost 
includes cost of purchase and other costs incurred in bringing 
the inventories to their present location and condition on the 
weighted average basis.
  Finished goods and work in progress: Cost includes cost of direct 
materials and labour and a proportion of manufacturing overheads 
based on the normal operating capacity on a weighted average 
basis. Cost of finished goods includes other costs incurred in 
bringing the inventories to their present location and condition.
  Net realisable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary 
course of business, less estimated costs of completion and the 
estimated costs necessary to make the sale.
6.4 Employee benefits
 a)  Short Term Employee Benefits
   All employee benefits payable wholly within twelve months of 
rendering the service are classified as short-term employee 
benefits. Benefits such as salaries, wages etc. and the 
expected cost of ex-gratia are recognised in the period in 
which the employee renders the related service. A liability is 
recognised for the amount expected to be paid when there is 
a present legal or constructive obligation to pay this amount 
as a result of past service provided by the employee and the 
obligation can be estimated reliably.
 b)  Defined Contribution Plan
   Contributions to defined contribution plans are recognised as 
expense when employees have rendered services entitling 
them to such benefits.
 c)  Defined Benefit Plan
   For defined benefit plans, the cost of providing benefits is 
determined using the Projected Unit Credit method, with 
actuarial valuations being carried out at each balance sheet 
date. Remeasurement, comprising actuarial gains and losses, 
the effect of the changes to the asset ceiling and the return 
on plan assets (excluding interest), is reflected immediately in 
the balance sheet with a charge or credit recognised in other 
comprehensive income in the period in which they occur. 
Past service cost, both vested and unvested, is recognised 
as an expense at the earlier of (a) when the plan amendment 
or curtailment occurs; and (b) when the entity recognises 
related restructuring costs or termination benefits.
   The retirement benefit obligations recognised in the balance 
sheet represents the present value of the defined benefit 
obligations reduced by the fair value of scheme assets. 
Any asset resulting from this calculation is limited to the 
present value of available refunds and reductions in future 
contributions to the scheme.
6.5 Employee Share based payments:
  Equity- settled share-based payments to employees are measured 
at the fair value of the employee stock options at the grant date 
using Black-Scholes model. The fair value determined at the grant 
date of the equity-settled share-based payments is amortized over 
the vesting period, based on the Company’s estimate of equity 
instruments that will eventually vest, with a corresponding increase 
Raghav Productivity Enhancers Ltd.
134
Annual Report 2025-26

--- page 127 ---
Notes to the Standalone Ind AS Financial Statement
for the year ended March 31, 2026
in equity. At the end of each reporting period, the Company 
revises its estimate of the number of equity instruments expected 
to vest. The impact of the revision of the original estimates, if 
any, is recognized in the Statement of Profit and Loss such that 
the cumulative expense reflects the revised estimate, with a 
corresponding adjustment to the Share Based Payment Reserve.
6.6 Taxation
  Tax expense is the aggregate amount included in the determination of 
profit or loss for the period in respect of current tax and deferred tax.
 Current tax
  Current tax is the amount of income taxes payable in respect of 
taxable profit for a period. Taxable profit differs from ‘profit before 
tax’ as reported in the Statement of Profit and Loss because of 
items of income or expense that are taxable or deductible in other 
years and items that are never taxable or deductible under the 
Income Tax Act, 1961.
  Current tax is measured using tax rates that have been enacted 
by the end of reporting period for the amounts expected to be 
recovered from or paid to the taxation authorities.
 Deferred Tax
  Deferred tax is recognized on temporary differences between the 
carrying amounts of assets and liabilities in the financial statements 
and the corresponding tax bases used in the computation of taxable 
profit under Income tax Act, 1961.
  Deferred tax liabilities are generally recognized for all taxable 
temporary differences. However, in case of temporary differences 
that arise from initial recognition of assets or liabilities in a 
transaction (other than business combination) that affect neither 
the taxable profit nor the accounting profit, deferred tax liabilities 
are not recognized. Also, for temporary differences if any that may 
arise from initial recognition of goodwill, deferred tax liabilities are 
not recognized.
  Deferred tax assets are generally recognized for all deductible 
temporary differences to the extent it is probable that taxable 
profits will be available against which those deductible temporary 
difference can be utilized. In case of temporary differences that arise 
from initial recognition of assets or liabilities in a transaction (other 
than business combination) that affect neither the taxable profit nor 
the accounting profit, deferred tax assets are not recognized.
  The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at the end of 
each reporting period and reduced to the extent that it is no longer 
probable that sufficient taxable profits will be available to allow the 
benefits of part or all of such deferred tax assets to be utilized.
  Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates 
that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the balance 
sheet date and are expected to apply to taxable income in the 
years in which those temporary differences are expected to be 
recovered or settled.
 Presentation of current and deferred tax:
  Current and deferred tax are recognized as income or an expense in 
the Statement of Profit and Loss, except when they relate to items 
that are recognized in Other Comprehensive Income, in which case, 
the current and deferred tax income/expense are recognized in 
Other Comprehensive Income.
  The Company offsets current tax assets and current tax liabilities, 
where it has a legally enforceable right to set off the recognized 
amounts and where it intends either to settle on a net basis, or 
to realize the asset and settle the liability simultaneously. In case 
of deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities, the same are 
offset if the Company has a legally enforceable right to set off 
corresponding current tax assets against current tax liabilities and 
the deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities relate to income 
taxes levied by the same tax authority on the Company.
6.7 Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets
  Provisions are recognised when the Company has a present 
obligation (legal or constructive) as a result of a past event, it is 
probable that an outflow of resources embodying economic benefits 
will be required to settle the obligation and a reliable estimate can 
be made of the amount of the obligation.
  Contingent Liability is disclosed in case of a present obligation 
arising from past events, when it is not probable that an outflow 
of resources will be required to settle the obligation or where no 
reliable estimate is possible. Contingent liabilities are not recognised 
in financial statements but are disclosed in notes.
  Contingent asset is a possible asset that arises from past events 
and whose existence will be confirmed only by the occurrence or 
non-occurrence of one or more uncertain future events not wholly 
within the control of the entity. Contingent assets are not recognised 
in financial statements and are disclosed in notes when it is virtually 
certain that economic benefits will inflow to the Company.
6.8 Foreign Currency Transactions
  Transactions in foreign currency are recorded at exchange rates 
prevailing at the date of transactions. Exchange differences arising 
on foreign exchange transactions settled during the year are 
recognised in the statement of profit and loss of the year.
  Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies 
which are outstanding, as at the reporting date are translated at the 
closing exchange rates and the resultant exchange differences are 
recognised in the statement of profit and loss.
  Non-monetary items that are measured in terms of historical cost 
in a foreign currency are recognised using the exchange rate at date 
of initial transactions, are not retranslated.
  In respect of forward contracts, the premium or discount on 
these contracts is recognized as income or expenditure over the 
135
Annual Report 2025-26
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 118STATUTORY REPORTS22CORPORATE OVERVIEW01

--- page 128 ---
Notes to the Standalone Ind AS Financial Statement
for the year ended March 31, 2026
period of the contract. Any profit or loss arising on the cancellation 
or the renewal of such contracts is recognized as income or 
expense for the year.
6.9 Impairment
 Non-financial assets
  The carrying amount of non- financial assets other than inventories 
are assessed at each reporting date to ascertain whether there is 
any indication of impairment. If any such indication exists then the 
asset's recoverable amount is estimated. An impairment loss is 
recognised as an expenses in the Statement of Profit and Loss, 
for the amount by which the asset's carrying amount exceeds its 
recoverable amount. The recoverable amount is the higher of an 
asset's fair value less cost to sell and value in use. Value in use 
is ascertained through discounting of estimated future cash flows 
using a discount rate that reflects the current market assessments 
of the time value of money and the risk specific to the assets. 
For the purpose of assessing impairment, assets are grouped at 
the lowest levels into cash generating units for which there are 
separately identifiable cash flows.
  An impairment loss is reversed if there has been a change 
in the estimates used to determine the recoverable amount. 
An impairment loss is reversed only to the extent that asset's 
carrying amount does not exceed the carrying amount that would 
have been determined, net of depreciation or amortisation, if no 
impairment had been recognised.
 Financial assets
  The Company assesses at each date of balance sheet whether a 
financial asset or a group of financial assets is impaired. Ind AS 
109 requires expected credit losses to be measured through a 
loss allowance. In determining the allowances for doubtful trade 
receivables, the Company has used a practical expedient by 
computing the expected credit loss allowance for trade receivables 
based on a provision matrix. The provision matrix takes into account 
historical credit loss experience and is adjusted for forward looking 
information. The expected credit loss allowance is based on the 
ageing of the receivables that are due and allowance rates used in 
the provision matrix.
6.10 Cash and Cash Equivalents
  For presentation in the Statement of Cash Flows, cash and cash 
equivalents includes cash on hand, other short-term, highly liquid 
investments with original maturities of three months or less that 
are readily convertible to known amounts of cash and which are 
subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value.
6.11 Borrowing Costs
  Borrowing costs directly attributable to the acquisition, 
construction or production of a qualifying asset that necessarily 
takes a substantial period of time to get ready for its intended 
use or sale are capitalized as part of the cost of the asset, until 
such time as the assets are substantially ready for the intended 
use or sale. Interest income earned on temporary investment of 
specific borrowings pending their expenditure on qualifying assets 
is deducted from the borrowing costs eligible for capitalisation. 
The borrowing costs other than attributable to qualifying assets are 
recognised in the profit or loss in the period in which they incurred.
6.12 Financial Instruments
  The company recognizes financial assets and financial liabilities 
when it becomes a party to the contractual provisions of the 
instrument. Financial assets and financial liabilities are initially 
measured at fair value. Transaction costs that are directly attributable 
to the acquisition or issue of financial assets and financial liabilities 
(other than financial assets and financial liabilities at fair value 
through profit or loss) are added to or deducted from the fair 
value of the financial asset or financial liabilities, as appropriate, 
on initial recognition. Transactions costs directly attributable to the 
acquisition of financial assets or financial liabilities at fair value 
through profit or loss are recognised immediately in Statement of 
Profit and loss.
 Financial assets
  All regular way purchases or sale of financial assets are recognised 
and derecognised on a trade date basis. Regular way purchases 
or sales are purchases or sale of financial assets that require 
delivery of assets within the time frame established by regulation or 
convention in the market place. All recognised financial assets are 
subsequently measured in their entirety at either amortized cost or 
fair value, depending on the classification of the financial assets.
 Classification of Financial Assets
 (i)  Financial assets carried at amortised cost
   A financial asset is subsequently measured at amortised cost 
if it is held within a business model whose objective is to hold 
the asset in order to collect contractual cash flows and the 
contractual terms of the financial asset give rise on specified 
dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and 
interest on the principal amount outstanding.
 (ii)   Financial assets at fair value through other 
comprehensive income
   A financial asset is subsequently measured at fair value 
through other comprehensive income if it is held within 
a business model whose objective is achieved by both 
collecting contractual cash flows and selling financial assets 
and the contractual terms of the financial asset give rise on 
specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of 
principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding.
Raghav Productivity Enhancers Ltd.
136
Annual Report 2025-26

--- page 129 ---
Notes to the Standalone Ind AS Financial Statement
for the year ended March 31, 2026
 (iii)  Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss
   A financial asset which is not classified in any of the above 
categories is subsequently fair valued through profit or loss.
 (iv)  Financial liabilities
   Financial liabilities are subsequently carried at amortized cost 
using the effective interest rate method. For trade and other 
payables maturing within one year from the balance sheet 
date, the carrying amounts approximate fair value due to the 
short maturity of these instruments.
 (v)  Equity instrument
   An equity instrument is any contract that evidences a residual 
interest in the assets of the Company after deducting all of 
its liabilities. Equity instruments are recorded at the proceeds 
received, net of direct issue costs.
    Derecognition
   The company derecognizes a financial asset when the 
contractual rights to the cash flows from the financial asset 
expire or it transfers the financial asset and the transfer 
qualifies for derecognition under Ind AS 109. A financial 
liability (or a part of a financial liability) is derecognized from 
the company's balance sheet when the obligation specified in 
the contract is discharged or cancelled or expires.
   Offsetting of financial instruments
   Financial assets and financial liabilities are offset and the net 
amount is reported in the balance sheet if there is a currently 
enforceable legal right to offset the recognised amounts and 
there is an intention to settle on a net basis, to realise the 
assets and settle the liabilities simultaneously.
6.13 Segment Reporting
  Operating segments are reported in a manner consistent with the 
internal reporting provided to the chief operating decision maker. 
The company considers Ramming Mass as its single segment in 
which the company operates. The Company has also dealt in Some 
Other products but their volumes are nominal hence no reportable 
segments are there.
6.14 Fair Value Measurement
  The Company measures financial instruments at fair value at 
each balance sheet date. Fair value is the price that would be 
received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly 
transaction between market participants at the measurement 
date. The fair value of an asset or a liability is measured using 
the assumptions that market participants would use when pricing 
the asset or liability, assuming that market participants act in their 
economic best interest.
  All assets and liabilities for which fair value is measured or 
disclosed in the financial statements are categorised within the fair 
value hierarchy, described as follows, based on the lowest level 
input that is significant to the fair value measurement as a whole:
  Level 1 - Quoted (unadjusted) market prices in active markets for 
identical assets or liabilities
  Level 2 - Valuation techniques for which the lowest level input 
that is significant to the fair value measurement is directly or 
indirectly observable.
  Level 3 - Valuation techniques for which the lowest level input that 
is significant to the fair value measurement is unobservable.
6.15 Recent accounting pronouncements
  The Ministry of Corporate Affairs (""MCA"") issues new standards 
and amendments to existing standards under the Companies 
(Indian Accounting Standards) Rules from time to time. On May 9, 
2025, the MCA issued amendments to Ind AS 21 - The Effects 
of Changes in Foreign Exchange Rates, providing enhanced 
guidance on assessing currency exchangeability and determining 
the appropriate exchange rate when a currency is not readily 
exchangeable. Further, on August 13, 2025, the MCA notified the 
Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Second Amendment 
Rules, 2025, introducing revisions to multiple standards, including: 
•Ind AS 1: Clarifications on the classification of liabilities as 
current or non-current, including considerations relating to 
covenant compliance and the entity's right to defer settlement 
as at the reporting date. •Ind AS 7 and Ind AS 107: Additional 
disclosure requirements for supplier finance arrangements aimed 
at enhancing transparency regarding their effect on liabilities and 
cash flows. •Ind AS 12: A temporary exception from recognising 
deferred tax assets and liabilities arising from the OECD Pillar 
Two global minimum tax rules, together with related disclosure 
requirements. • Ind AS 101: Transitional relief for first-time 
adopters with respect to lease classification. These amendments 
are effective upon publication in the Official Gazette and will apply 
to annual reporting periods beginning on or after April 1, 2026. 
The Company has assessed the impact of these amendments on 
its financial statements and does not expect any material impact on 
account of the same.
137
Annual Report 2025-26
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 118STATUTORY REPORTS22CORPORATE OVERVIEW01

--- page 130 ---
Notes to the Standalone Ind AS Financial Statement
for the year ended March 31, 2026
Note 3 :Property, Plant & Equipments
Following are the changes in the carrying value of property, plant and equipment for the Year ended March 31, 2026 (` In Lakhs)
Particulars Tangible Assets Capital 
Work in 
Progress
Intangible 
Assets
Grand 
TotalLand Building Plant & 
Machinery
Furniture 
& Fixtures
Computer Vehicles Equipments Electric 
Installation
Total Right of 
Use Assets
Total Tangible 
Assets + 
Right of Use
Gross Carrying value as at April 1, 2025 56.32 807.45 3,226.36 120.78 10.24 148.62 81.25 13.60 4,464.62 25.42 4,490.05 3.40 1.99 4,495.45
Additions - 146.12 178.58 5.40 0.97 - 4.29 - 335.36 - 335.36 530.11 3.75 869.21
Deletions/Discarded - - - - - - 33.25 - 33.25 - 33.25 315.91 - 349.15
Gross Carrying value as at March 31, 
2026
56.32 953.57 3,404.94 126.18 11.21 148.62 52.29 13.60 4,766.73 25.42 4,792.15 217.61 5.74 5,015.50
Accumulated depreciation as at April 1, 
2025
- 232.92 1,280.54 65.30 7.42 135.94 59.04 3.78 1,784.96 25.42 1,810.38 - 0.44 1,810.82
Depreciation - 25.44 217.20 1.69 1.25 3.45 8.67 9.61 267.30 - 267.30 - 0.98 268.28
Accumulated depreciation on deletions - - - - - - 31.59 - 31.59 - 31.59 - 31.59
Accumulated depreciation as at March 
31, 2026
- 258.36 1,497.74 66.99 8.67 139.39 36.13 13.39 2,020.67 25.42 2,046.09 - 1.42 2,047.51
Net Carrying Value as at March 31, 2026 56.32 695.21 1,907.20 59.19 2.55 9.23 16.16 0.21 2,746.06 - 2,746.06 217.61 4.32 2,967.99
Net Carrying Value as at March 31, 
2025
56.32 574.53 1,945.82 55.48 2.82 12.68 22.21 9.82 2,679.67 - 2,679.67 3.40 1.55 2,684.63
Following are the changes in the carrying value of property, plant and equipment for the year ended March, 2025 (` In Lakhs)
Particulars Tangible Assets Capital 
Work in 
Progress
Intangible 
Assets
Grand 
TotalLand Building Plant & 
Machinery
Furniture & 
Fixtures
Computer Vehicles Mining 
Equipments/ 
Office 
Equipment
Electric 
Installation
Total Right of 
Use Assets
Total Tangible 
Assets + 
Right of Use
Gross Carrying value as at April 1, 2024 56.32 807.45 2,664.00 120.33 20.25 148.62 86.31 8.49 3,911.78 25.42 3,937.20 3.40 0.25 3,940.85
Additions - - 594.28 0.45 2.52 - 11.10 5.11 613.46 - 613.46 593.62 1.75 1,208.82
Deletions/Discarded - - 31.92 - 12.53 - 16.16 - 60.61 - 60.61 593.62 - 654.23
Gross Carrying value as at March 31, 
2025
56.32 807.45 3,226.36 120.78 10.24 148.62 81.25 13.60 4,464.62 25.42 4,490.05 3.40 1.99 4,495.45
Accumulated depreciation as at April 1, 
2024
- 207.99 1,090.38 54.06 17.38 131.07 61.65 3.27 1,565.80 25.42 1,591.22 - 0.23 1,591.45
Depreciation - 24.93 211.06 11.24 1.93 4.87 10.60 0.51 265.16 - 265.16 - 0.21 265.37
Accumulated depreciation on deletions - - 20.90 - 11.89 - 13.21 - 46.00 - 46.00 - - 46.00
Accumulated depreciation as at March 
31, 2025
- 232.92 1,280.54 65.30 7.42 135.94 59.04 3.78 1,784.96 25.42 1,810.38 - 0.44 1,810.82
Net Carrying Value as at March 31, 2025 56.32 574.53 1,945.82 55.48 2.82 12.68 22.21 9.82 2,679.67 - 2,679.67 3.40 1.55 2,684.63
Net Carrying Value as at March 31, 
2024
56.32 599.46 1,573.62 66.27 2.87 17.55 24.67 5.22 2,345.98 - 2,345.99 3.40 0.01 2,349.40
Raghav Productivity Enhancers Ltd.
138
Annual Report 2025-26

--- page 131 ---
Notes to the Standalone Ind AS Financial Statement
for the year ended March 31, 2026
Note-3.1
Title deeds of Immovable Property not held in name of the Company
Relevant line intem in Balance Sheet Description 
of item of 
property
Gross 
Carrying 
Value
Title deeds held in the 
name of
Whether title deed holder is a 
promoter,director or relative of 
promoter/director or employee 
of promoter/director
Property held 
since which date
Reasons for not being 
held in the name of the 
company*
PPE
Nil
Investment property
PPE retired from active use and held for disposal
Others
*also indicate if in dispute
Capital-Work-in Progress (CWIP) ageing schedule          
(` In Lakhs)
CWIP FY 25-26 FY 24-25
Amount in CWIP for a period of Total Amount in CWIP for a period of Total
Less than 1 
year
1-2 years 2-3 years More than  
3 years
Less than 1 
year
1-2 years 2-3 years More than 3 
years
Projects in progress 217.61 - - - 217.61 3.40 - - - 3.40
Projects temporarily suspended - - - - - - - - - -
*Total shall tally with CWIP amount in the balance sheet.
(` In Lakhs)
CWIP FY 25-26 FY 24-25
To be completed in To be completed in
Less than  
1 year
1-2 years 2-3 years More than  
3 years
Less than  
1 year
1-2 years 2-3 years More than  
3 years
Project 1 217.61 - - - 3.40 - - -
Project 2 - - - - - - - -
139
Annual Report 2025-26
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 118STATUTORY REPORTS22CORPORATE OVERVIEW01

--- page 132 ---
Notes to the Standalone Ind AS Financial Statement
for the year ended March 31, 2026
Note-4  Financial Asset : Investments
(` In Lakhs)
Particulars Long Term Short Term
March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025 March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
I.  Investment in Equity Instruments
 (i)  Quoted
     Investments in Equity Oriented Mutual 
Funds
- -  1,166.00 -
 (ii)  Unquoted
   Equity Instrument in Wholly Owned 
Subsidiary Company
6,521.45 6,510.00 - -
II.  Other Investments
 Investments in Debt oriented Mutual Funds - - 2903.28 3,409.88
Total 6,521.45 6,510.00 4,069.28 3,409.88
Note -4.1  - Details of Mutual Funds
(` In Lakhs)
Name of the Fund FY 2025-26
Units NAV Investment Value Fair Value as on  
31 Mar 2026
ICICI Prudential Equity Savings Fund-Growth 41,03,003.65 22.62 949.95 928.10
Mirae Asset Equity Savings Fund Regular -Growth 11,89,850.07 19.99 249.99 237.90
SBI Dynamic Bond Fund-Growth 6,21,598.52 36.48 199.99 226.73
Bandhan Low Duration Fund Regular-Growth 29,40,397.49 40.17 1,116.55 1,181.20
ICICI Prudential Savings Fund-Growth 2,18,179.51 569.02 1,212.47 1,241.49
Bandhan Ultra Short Duration Fund Regular-Growth 15,98,000.91 15.89 245.26 253.87
Total 3,974.21 4,069.28
(` In Lakhs)
Name of the Fund FY 2024-25
Units NAV Investment Value Fair Value as on 31 
Mar 2026
SBI Dynamic Bond 6,21,598.52 35.13 199.99 218.35
Bandhan Low Duration Fund 14,68,776.62 37.82 541.57 555.43
Bandhan Ultra Short Term Fund Regular Plan Growth 68,34,011.89 14.94 1,007.72 1,021.06
ICICI Prudential Savings Fund Growth 2,81,321.89 532.51 1,479.90 1,498.06
ICICI Prudential Constant Maturity Gilt Fund Growth 4,84,143.85 24.16 105.84 116.98
Total 3,335.02 3,409.88
Note-5 Financial Asset :Loans & Advances    
(` In Lakhs)
Particular Long Term Short Term
March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025 March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Security Deposit 36.04 32.61 - 1.00
Loan to Wholly Owned Subsidiary - - 3.65 360.39
Total 36.04 32.61 3.65 361.39
Raghav Productivity Enhancers Ltd.
140
Annual Report 2025-26

--- page 133 ---
Notes to the Standalone Ind AS Financial Statement
for the year ended March 31, 2026
Note 5.1 - Disclosure as per section 186, of companies act 2013 of loan given to its subsidiary company
Name of Body Corporate Raghav Productivity Solutions Private Limited
(Wholly Owned Subsidiary Company)
Opening 360.39 Lakhs
Amount of loan given during the period (Including Interest charged) 3,699.40 Lakhs
Amount of repayment received during the year 4,056.14 Lakhs
Interest Charged @7.50% p.a. 53.78 Lakhs
Closing Balance 3.65 Lakhs
Purpose to which loan given For the Principal Business activities of the recipient
Note-6 Other Financial Assets
(` In Lakhs)
Particular Long Term Short Term
March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025 March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Fixed Deposits Maturing More than 12 Months 1,201.25 - - -
Total 1,201.25 - - -
Note-7 Other Assets
(` In Lakhs)
Particular Long Term Short Term
March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025 March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Advance to Vendors/Others 4.06 - 80.44 19.09
GST Refundable - - 3.15 3.15
Income Tax / TDS & TCS Receivable - - 7.80 6.69
Input Tax Credit (Net) - - 109.84 24.91
Prepaid Expenses - - 19.33 24.91
Other Export Incentives - - 27.05 43.34
Asset held for sale - - 2.00 2.00
Total 4.06 - 249.61 124.08
Note-8 Inventories
(` In Lakhs)
Particular March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Raw Materials 1,558.13 1,602.62
Work-in-progress 50.26 49.66
Finished goods 24.22 10.39
Scrap 48.01 20.39
Stock in Trade 57.23 3.15
Consumable Stores and Spares 480.38 506.58
Packing Material 138.96 85.20
Total 2,357.19 2,278.00
141
Annual Report 2025-26
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 118STATUTORY REPORTS22CORPORATE OVERVIEW01

--- page 134 ---
Notes to the Standalone Ind AS Financial Statement
for the year ended March 31, 2026
Note - 8.1 Particulars of Inventory
(` In Lakhs)
March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Raw Materials
Quartz Stone & Masonery stone 618.82 965.81
Boric Acid & Boron Oxide 921.86 609.44
Others 17.45 27.38
Finished Goods
Ramming Mass 24.22 10.39
Note-9 Trade Receivable
Trade Receivables ageing schedule (25-26)
(` In Lakhs)
Particulars Not Due Outstanding for following periods from due date of payment Total
Less than 6 
months
6 months - 
1 year
1-2 years 2-3 years More than 
3 years
(i)   Undisputed Trade receivables — considered 
good
2,271.89 1,139.89 27.90 55.17 53.03 79.78 3,627.65
(ii)   Undisputed Trade Receivables — which have 
significant increase in credit risk
- - - - - - -
(iii)   Undisputed Trade Receivables — credit 
impaired
- - - - - - -
(iv)   Disputed Trade Receivables— considered good - - - 7.43 7.43
(v)   Disputed Trade Receivables — which have 
significant increase in credit risk
- - - - - - -
(vi)   Disputed Trade Receivables — credit impaired - - - - - - -
2,271.89 1,139.89 27.90 55.17 53.03 87.21 3,635.08
Less-Allowance for Expected Credit Loss - - - - - - 25.50
Total Trade Receivables 3,609.58
Trade Receivables ageing schedule (24-25)
(` In Lakhs)
Particulars Not Due Outstanding for following periods from due date of payment Total
Less than 6 
months
6 months - 
1 year
1-2 years 2-3 years More than 
3 years
(i)   Undisputed Trade receivables — considered 
good
3,323.26 262.55 70.58 89.74 33.91 49.89 3,829.93
(ii)   Undisputed Trade Receivables — which have 
significant increase in credit risk
- - - - - - -
(iii)   Undisputed Trade Receivables — credit 
impaired
- - - - - - -
(iv)   Disputed Trade Receivables— considered good - - - 3.67 3.76 7.43
(v)   Disputed Trade Receivables — which have 
significant increase in credit risk
- - - - - - -
(vi)   Disputed Trade Receivables — credit impaired - - - - - - -
3,323.26 262.55 70.58 89.74 37.58 53.65 3,837.36
Less-Allowance for Expected Credit Loss - - - - - - 18.97
Total Trade Receivables 3,818.39
# similar information shall be given where no due date of payment is specified in that case disclosure shall be from the date of the transaction. Unbilled dues shall be 
disclosed separately
Raghav Productivity Enhancers Ltd.
142
Annual Report 2025-26

--- page 135 ---
Notes to the Standalone Ind AS Financial Statement
for the year ended March 31, 2026
Note-10 Cash & Cash Equivalents
(` In Lakhs)
Particulars March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Cash and Cash Equivalents
Balances with Banks and Debit Balance of Cash Credit 682.19 572.95
Cash on Hand 2.76 2.28
Total 684.95 575.23
Note-11 Other Bank Balances  
(` In Lakhs)
Particulars March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Other Bank Balance 1.92 2.99
Fixed Deposits 6.60 6.21
Total 8.52 9.20
Note-12 Equity Share Capital     
(` In Lakhs)
Particular March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Authorised
5,00,00,000 Equity shares Face Value of Rs.10/- each 5,000.00 5,000.00
(PY 5,00,00,000 Equity shares Face Value of ` 10/-) - -
Issued, Subscribed & Paid-up
4,59,11,960 Equity Shares Face Value of RS 10/- 4,591.20 4,590.52
(PY -4,59,05,200 Equity Shares Face Value of RS 10/-) - -
Total 4,591.20 4,590.52
Note 12.1 Reconciliation of the shares outstanding at the beginning and at the end of the reporting period     
(` In Lakhs)
Equity Shares March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Number Amount in ` Lacs Number Amount in ` Lacs
At the beginning of the period 4,59,05,200 4,590.52 2,29,52,600 2,295.26
Issued during the period (Bonus Issue) - - 2,29,52,600 2,295.26
Issued during the period (ESOP Issue) 6,760 0.68 - -
Outstanding at the end of the period 4,59,11,960 4,591.20 4,59,05,200 4,590.52
Note 12.2 Terms/ Rights attached to Equity Shares
The company has only one class of Equity shares having a par value of Rs.10 per share. Each holder of equity shares is entitled to one vote per share 
and during the financial year 24-25 the company has issued Bonus Equity Shares in the proportion of 1 (one) Bonus Equity Share of ` 10/- each for 
every 1 (one) existing fully paid-up Equity Share of ` 10/- each to the Equity Shareholders whose name was appearing in the Register of Members as 
on record date November 29, 2024.
In the event of liquidation of company, the holders of equity shares will be entitled to receive remaining assets of the Company, after distribution of all 
preferential amounts. The distribution will be in proportion to the number of equity shares held by the shareholders.
Board of Directors of the company in their meeting held on April 30, 2025 confirm allotment of 6760 shares @ face value of ` 10/- each to the specified 
employees under RPEL Employee Stock Option Scheme 2018, the shares were listed on BSE Limited and National Stock Exchange w.e.f May 13, 2025.
143
Annual Report 2025-26
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 118STATUTORY REPORTS22CORPORATE OVERVIEW01

--- page 136 ---
Notes to the Standalone Ind AS Financial Statement
for the year ended March 31, 2026
Note 12.3 Disclosure of changes in Shareholding of Promoters
(` In Lakhs)
Shareholder March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Number % Holding % change 
during the year
Number % Holding % change 
during the year
Promoters and Promoter Group
Rajesh Kabra 98,45,304.00 21.44% 0.00% 98,45,304.00 21.44% 0.00%
Sanjay Kabra 53,95,704.00 11.75% 0.00% 53,95,704.00 11.75% 0.00%
Rashmi Kabra 42,22,000.00 9.20% 0.00% 42,22,000.00 9.20% 0.00%
Savita Kabra 59,78,000.00 13.02% 0.00% 59,78,000.00 13.02% 0.00%
Rajesh Kabra Huf 9,80,000.00 2.13% 0.00% 9,80,000.00 2.13% 0.00%
Sanjay Kabra Huf 22,73,600.00 4.95% 0.00% 22,73,600.00 4.95% 0.00%
Priyanka Biyani Rathi 1,88,000.00 0.41% 0.00% 1,88,000.00 0.41% 0.00%
Note 12.4 Shareholders holding more than 5% share capital     
(` In Lakhs)
Shareholders March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Number % Holding Number % Holding
Rajesh Kabra 98,45,304.00 21.44% 98,45,304.00 21.44%
Sanjay Kabra 53,95,704.00 11.75% 53,95,704.00 11.75%
Rashmi Kabra 42,22,000.00 9.20% 42,22,000.00 9.20%
Savita Kabra 59,78,000.00 13.02% 59,78,000.00 13.02%
Raghav Productivity Enhancers Ltd.
144
Annual Report 2025-26

--- page 137 ---
Notes to the Standalone Ind AS Financial Statement
for the year ended March 31, 2026
Note-13 Other Equity
A. Other Equity
(1) Current reporting period
(` In Lakhs)
Share 
application 
money 
pending 
allotment
Equity 
component of 
compounded 
financial 
instruments
Reserves and Surplus Money 
received 
against 
share 
warrants
Total
Capital 
Reserve
Securities 
Premium
Other 
Reserves 
(Specify 
Nature)
Share 
Based 
Payment 
Reserve
Retained 
earnings
Debt 
Instruments 
through Other 
Comprehensive 
Income
Equity 
Instruments 
through Other 
Comprehensive 
Income
Effective 
Portion of 
Cash Flow 
Hedges
Revaluation 
surplus
Exchange 
Differences 
on 
translating 
the financial 
statements 
of a foreign 
operation
Other items 
of other 
Comprehensive 
Income (specify 
nature)-
Remeasurement 
of net defined 
benefit Plans
Balance at the beginning of the 
current reporting period-  
April 1, 2025
- - - 942.15 - 66.51 12,260.15 - - - - - 18.52 - 13,287.33
Changes in accountin g policy or 
prior period errors
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Restated balance at the 
beginning of the current 
reporting period
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Total Comprehensive Income for 
the current year
- - - - - - - - - - - - 8.96 - 8.96
Share Based Payment - - - 42.82 - 7.47 - - - - - - - - 50.30
Dividends Paid - - - - - - (459.12) - - - - - - - (459.12)
Profit for the Year - - - - - - 2,916.80 - - - - - - - 2,916.80
Bonus Issue - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Balance at the end of the 
current reporting period-March 
31, 2026
- - - 984.97 - 73.98 14,717.83 - - - - - 27.48 - 15,804.27
145
Annual Report 2025-26
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 118STATUTORY REPORTS22CORPORATE OVERVIEW01

--- page 138 ---
Notes to the Standalone Ind AS Financial Statement
for the year ended March 31, 2026
(2) Previous reporting period
(` In Lakhs)
Share 
application 
money 
pending 
allotment
Equity 
component of 
compounded 
financial 
instruments
Reserves and Surplus Money 
received 
against 
share 
warrants
Total
Capital 
Reserve
Securities 
Premium
Other 
Reserves 
(Specify 
Nature)
Share 
Based 
Payment 
Reserve
Retained 
earnings
Debt Instruments 
through Other 
Comprehensive 
Income
Equity 
Instruments 
through Other 
Comprehensive 
Income
Effective 
Portion of 
Cash Flow 
Hedges
Revaluation 
surplus
Exchange 
Differences 
on translating 
the financial 
statements 
of a foreign 
operation
Other items of other 
Comprehensive 
Income (specify 
nature)-
Remeasurement of 
net defined benefit 
Plans
Balance at the 
beginning of the current 
reporting period-April 
1, 2024
- - - 3,237.41 - 11.00 10,327.28 - - - - - 10.99 - 13,586.68
Changes in accountin 
g policy or prior period 
errors
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Restated balance at the 
beginning of the current 
reporting period
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Total Comprehensive 
Income for the current 
year
- - - - - - - - - - - - 7.53 - 7.53
Share Based Payment - - - - - 55.51 - - - - - - - - 55.51
Dividends - - - - - - (206.57) - - - - - - - (206.57)
Profit for the Year - - - - - - 2,139.44 - - - - - - - 2,139.44
Any other change (to 
be specified)-ISSUE 
OF CCD
- - - (2,295.26) - - - - - - - - - - (2,295.26)
Balance at the end of the 
current reporting period-
March 31, 2025
- - - 942.15 - 66.51 12,260.15 - - - - - 18.52 - 13,287.33
Security Premium Account: The Security Premium Account is created on issue of share at premium.
Retained Earnings: It represents the surplus amount available in profit and loss as retained earnings. The reserve can be distributed/ utilised by the company in accordance with the Companies Act,2013
Other Comprehensive Income: It represents the actuarial gain or loss arising from the measurement of defined benefit obligation and fair value measurement of investments.
Raghav Productivity Enhancers Ltd.
146
Annual Report 2025-26

--- page 139 ---
Notes to the Standalone Ind AS Financial Statement
for the year ended March 31, 2026
Note-14 Provisions
Particular Long Term Short Term
March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025 March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
(a)  Provision for Employees Benefit
  (i)  Gratuity 40.43 58.31 1.99 3.43
  (ii)  Bonus - - 9.07 10.21
Total 40.43 58.31 11.06 13.64
Note-15 Deferred Tax Liability (Net)
(` In Lakhs)
Particular March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Deferred Tax Liability
On account of timing difference in
  Property, plant and equipment 281.80 284.28
  Other Comprehensive Income 5.86 2.84
  Gain on fair valuation of Mutual Funds 23.93 15.87
Gross deferred tax liabilities 311.58 303.00
Deferred Tax Assets
On account of timing difference in
  Employee benefits: 18.82 20.64
  Provision for Expected Credit Loss 6.42 4.78
Gross deferred tax assets 25.24 25.42
Net Deferred Tax liabilities 286.35 277.57
Note-16 Trade Payable Ageing Schedule
For the period ending March 31, 2026
(` In Lakhs)
Particulars Not Due Outstanding for following periods from due date of payment Total
Less than 1 
year
1-2 years 2-3 years More than 3 
years
(i)  Micro & Small Enterprises 114.29 - - - - 114.29
(ii)  Others 79.95 414.12 - - - 494.07
(iii)   Disputed Dues-Micro & 
Small Enterprises
- 3.36 - - - 3.36
(iv) Disputed Dues-Others - - - - - -
194.24 417.48 - - - 611.72
147
Annual Report 2025-26
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 118STATUTORY REPORTS22CORPORATE OVERVIEW01

--- page 140 ---
Notes to the Standalone Ind AS Financial Statement
for the year ended March 31, 2026
For the period ending March 31, 2025
(` In Lakhs)
Particulars Not Due Outstanding for following periods from due date of payment Total
Less than 1 
year
1-2 years 2-3 years More than 3 
years
(i)  Micro & Small Enterprises 121.09 - - - - 121.09
(ii)  Others 457.43 466.94 - - - 924.37
(iii)   Disputed Dues-Micro & 
Small Enterprises
- - - - - -
(iv) Disputed Dues-Others - - - - - -
578.52 466.94 - - - 1,045.46
Dues to Micro & Small Enterprises have been determined to the extent such parties have been identified on the basis of information collected by 
the management.
Note-16.1
The Company has the process of identification of suppliers registered under the “The Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises Development (‘MSMED’) 
Act, 2006” by obtaining confirmation from suppliers. Based on the information available with the Company, there are no overdues more than 45 days, 
payable to the suppliers as defined under the ‘Micro, small and Medium Enterprises Development Act, 2006 as at March 31, 2026.
Based on the information available with the Company, the balance due to micro and small enterprises as defined under the MSMED Act, 2006 is as follows:
(` In Lakhs)
Particulars March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Dues Remaining Unpaid
The Overdue Principle amount remaning unpaid to any supplier as at the end of the year - -
Interest Due on the above amount - -
The amount of interest paid by in terms of section 16 of the Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises 
Development Act 2006
- -
Amount of the Payment made to the supplier beyond the due date during the year. - -
Amount of Interest due and payable for the Period of delay in making payment (Which have been 
paid but beyond the due date during the year) but without adding the interest specified under 
Micro Small and Medium Enterprise Development act 2006
- -
Amount of Interest accrued and remaining unpaid at the end of the year - -
Amount of further interest remaining due and payable even in succeeding years, until such date 
when the interest due as above are actual paid to the small enterprise
- -
Total - -
Note-17 Other Financial Liability 
(` In Lakhs)
Particular March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Unclaimed Dividends 1.92 2.99
Other current liabilities & provisions 155.00 277.52
Total 156.92 280.51
Raghav Productivity Enhancers Ltd.
148
Annual Report 2025-26

--- page 141 ---
Notes to the Standalone Ind AS Financial Statement
for the year ended March 31, 2026
Note-18 Other Current Liabilities     
(` In Lakhs)
Particular March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Statutory Liabilities 6.65 10.10
Advances from Customers 160.09 105.75
Total 166.74 115.85
Note-19 Current Tax Liability
(` In Lakhs)
Particular March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Provision for Income Tax (Net) 44.89 134.21
Total 44.89 134.21
Note-20 Revenue From Operation      
(` In Lakhs)
Particular March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Net Sales
  Export Sales (Including Deemed Exports) 5,554.08 5,594.32
  Domestic Sales 5,694.48 5,804.46
Other Operating Revenue 183.11 138.97
Revenue from Operations 11,431.67 11,537.75
Note 20.1 Particulars of Products Sold
(` In Lakhs)
March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Ramming Mass and Related Products 10,741.91 11,040.26
Trading Material 486.73 316.72
Others 19.91 41.81
Total 11,248.55 11,398.79
Note-21 Other Income
(` In Lakhs)
Particular March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Interest Income 55.56 119.17
Gain on sale of Mutual Funds 182.88 64.49
Gain on Fair valuation of Mutual Funds 20.19 63.07
Dividend Income 456.25 -
Gain on sale of Property, Plant & Equipment 4.34 -
Total 719.22 246.73
149
Annual Report 2025-26
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 118STATUTORY REPORTS22CORPORATE OVERVIEW01

--- page 142 ---
Notes to the Standalone Ind AS Financial Statement
for the year ended March 31, 2026
Note-22 Cost of Materials Consumed      
Particular March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Raw Materials Consumed
Opening Stock 1,602.62 1,630.74
Add: Purchases 3,010.72 3,148.08
4,613.34 4,778.82
Less: Closing Stock 1,558.13 1,602.62
Cost of Material Consumed 3,055.21 3,176.20
Note 22.1 Particulars of Raw Materials Consumption      
(` In Lakhs)
Particular March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Quartz Stone & Masonery stone 1,740.52 1,818.74
Boric Acid & Boron Oxide 1,301.24 1,307.56
Others 13.45 50.10
Total 3,055.21 3,176.20
Note-23 Purchase of Stock-in-Trade      
(` In Lakhs)
Particulars March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Purchase of Stock in trade 513.38 215.21
Total 513.38 215.21
Note-24 Changes in inventories of Finished Goods, Work-in-Progress and Stock-in-Trade
(` In Lakhs)
Particular March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Opening Stock
Finished Goods 29.35 16.54
Work in Progress 49.66 46.20
Stock-in-Trade 4.59 8.73
Total [I] 83.60 71.47
Closing Stock
Finished Goods 72.22 29.35
Work in Progress 50.26 49.66
Stock-in-Trade 57.23 4.59
Total [II] 179.71 83.60
Change in inventories Total [I-II] (96.11) (12.13)
Note-25 Employee Benefits Expenses
(` In Lakhs)
Particular March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Salaries, Wages and Bonus 394.07 464.77
Contribution to Provident and other funds 27.06 11.72
Staff Welfare Expenses 1.07 1.13
Total 422.20 477.62
Raghav Productivity Enhancers Ltd.
150
Annual Report 2025-26

--- page 143 ---
Notes to the Standalone Ind AS Financial Statement
for the year ended March 31, 2026
Note-26 Finance Cost
(` In Lakhs)
Particular March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Bank Charges 12.97 11.75
Total 12.97 11.75
Note-27 Depreciation and Amortisation Expenses
(` In Lakhs)
Particular March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Depreciation on Tangible Assets 267.29 265.16
Amortisation on Intangible Assets 0.98 0.21
Total 268.28 265.37
Note-28 Other Expenses
(` In Lakhs)
Particular March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Manufacturing Expenses
Consumables, Stores and Spares 300.70 293.44
Power & Fuel Expenses 244.98 217.52
Factory Expenses 8.56 4.53
Material handling charges 101.64 98.01
Repairs & Maintenance
  - Plant & Machineries 12.70 5.38
  - Buildings 1.18 -
TOTAL [A] 669.76 618.88
(` In Lakhs)
Administrative & Other Expenses March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Communication Expenses 1.43 2.95
Conveyance 2.83 5.21
Fees & Subscription 3.26 29.41
Insurance Expenses 10.51 7.83
Office Expenses 22.01 19.96
Audit Fees 8.25 7.50
Printing & Stationary 3.53 4.59
Repairs & Maintenance (Others) 21.67 16.66
Guard Security Expenses 12.20 11.55
Electricity Exp. (Office) 0.92 1.88
Bad Debts Written Off 3.22 14.60
Office Rent 12.92 10.16
GST Demand - 0.73
Legal, Professional & Consultancy 64.82 54.76
Postage and Courier 2.69 4.83
Charity & Donation 2.60 2.24
151
Annual Report 2025-26
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 118STATUTORY REPORTS22CORPORATE OVERVIEW01

--- page 144 ---
Notes to the Standalone Ind AS Financial Statement
for the year ended March 31, 2026
(` In Lakhs)
Administrative & Other Expenses March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
CSR Activity Expenses 65.00 62.20
Loss on Discard of Assets - 12.62
Interest on Income Tax 6.78 -
Charges on Late payment of Custom duty 0.30 0.39
Charges on Late TDS Return filing 0.33 -
TOTAL [B] 245.27 270.08
(` In Lakhs)
Selling & Distribution Expenses March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Advertisement & Sales Promotion Expenses 10.39 39.70
Commission Expenses 177.50 213.27
Freight & Forwarding 2,227.67 2,672.19
Agency Charges 343.83 382.32
Loading Expense 26.21 24.95
Packing Material & Charges 468.15 413.42
Rebate & Shortage - 0.36
Marketing & Travelling Expenses 25.64 77.21
Sponsorship Expenses 2.58 50.76
Expected Credit Loss 6.53 3.93
TOTAL [C] 3,288.50 3,878.11
GRAND TOTAL [A+B+C] 4,203.53 4,767.07
Note-29 Payment to Statutory Auditor    
(` In Lakhs)
Particulars March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Statutory Audit & Tax Audit Fees 8.25 7.50
Total 8.25 7.50
Note-30 Income Tax Recognised in Statement of Profit or Loss
(` In Lakhs)
Particular March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Current Tax
In respect of Current year
Regular Tax 854.62 754.70
In respect of earlier year
Total Current tax 854.62 754.70
Deferred Tax and other taxes
In respect of current year origination and reversal of temporary differences 5.76 (6.84)
Effect of change in expenses allowable - -
Effect of change in tax rate due to switch to new tax regime - -
In respect of prior year (5.75) (3.91)
Total Deferred Tax and other taxes 0.01 (10.75)
Raghav Productivity Enhancers Ltd.
152
Annual Report 2025-26

--- page 145 ---
Notes to the Standalone Ind AS Financial Statement
for the year ended March 31, 2026
A reconciliation of the income tax provision to the amount computed by applying the statutory income tax rate to the income before income taxes is 
summarized below:      
(` In Lakhs)
Particulars March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Profit before income taxes 3,771.43 2,883.39
Enacted tax rate in India 25.17% 25.17%
Computed expected tax 949.19 725.69
Effect of Allowances for tax purpose (233.97) (84.00)
Effect of Disallowable expenditure in Income Tax 93.37 91.77
Others 46.03 21.23
Cureent Tax recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss 854.62 754.70
The movement of deferred tax assets and liabilities during the year ended March 31, 2026
(` In Lakhs)
Particular As at April 1, 2025 Credit/ (Charge) in 
statement of Profit 
and Loss/BS
Credit / (Charge) in 
Other Comprehensive 
Income
As at  
March 31, 2026
Deferred Tax Assets/ (Liabilities)
Depreciation 284.28 (2.48) - 281.80
Employee Benefit (17.80) 1.82 3.02 (12.96)
Gain on Fair Valuation Of Mutual Funds 15.87 8.06 - 23.93
Expected Credit Loss (4.78) (1.64) - (6.42)
Total 277.57 5.76 3.02 286.35
Note-31 Earning Per Share
(` In Lakhs)
Particulars March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Profit after tax before OCI 2,916.80 2,139.44
Weighted average no. of Equity Share Outstanding (including CCD) 459.12 459.05
Nominal value of Ordinary share(INR) 10.00 10.00
Basic & diluted earning per share in rupees 6.35 4.66
Note-32 Employee Benefit
(A)  Defined Contribution Plan:-
  The Company operates defined contribution retirement benefit plans for all qualifying employees. Contributions are made to registered provident 
fund and Employee state insurance administered by the government. The obligation of the Company is limited to the amount contributed and it 
has no further contractual nor any constructive obligation.
(` In Lakhs)
Particulars March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Contribution to provident fund and other fund recognised in Statement of Profit and Loss 4.49 6.13
153
Annual Report 2025-26
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 118STATUTORY REPORTS22CORPORATE OVERVIEW01

--- page 146 ---
Notes to the Standalone Ind AS Financial Statement
for the year ended March 31, 2026
(B)  Stock Options:-
 Disclosures As per Ind AS 102
  The Company has granted options on Jan 23, 2024 to management employees under Employees Stock Option Plan, 2024” (ESOP 2024) 
approved by the Board of Directors and Shareholders. The options granted under these schemes are equity settled. The details of the scheme are 
summarised below:
 Details of Options:-
(` In Lakhs)
Summary of ESOP
Particulars March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Options Wt. Avg. exercise price Options Wt. Avg. exercise price
Options outstanding at the beginning of the 
year
67,600 307.36 77,000 307.36
Options granted during the year - - - -
Options exercised during the year 6,760 307.36 - -
Options cancelled/lapsed during the year - - 9,400 307.36
Options outstanding at the end of the year 60,840 307.36 67,600 307.36
Options exercisable at the end of the year 10,140 307.36 Nil NA
Range of exercise price of options outstanding 
at the end of the year
307.36 307.36
Average share price during the year 734.28 375.33
Weighted average remaining contractual life of 
options outstanding at the end of the year
3.82 Years 4.82 Years
Weighted average fair value of option as on 
date of grant (granted during the year)
No Grants during the year No Grants during the year
 Assumptions used in arriving at fair value of options are as under
(` In Lakhs)
Particulars March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
1) Risk-free interest rate 7.046% 7.046%
2) Expected Life 2.5 to 3.51 years 2.5 to 4.51 years
3) Expected Volatility* 59.89% 59.89%
4) Expected Dividend Yield 0.150% 0.15%
5) Price of the underlying share in market at the time of Options grants 361.60 361.60
  Board of Directors of the company in their meeting held on April 30, 2025 confirm allotment of 6760 shares @ face value of ` 10/- each to the 
specified employees under RPEL Employee Stock Option Scheme 2018, the shares were listed on BSE Limited and National Stock Exchange 
w.e.f May 13, 2025.
 (C)  Defined Benefit Plan:-
  Gratuity
  The company has defined benefit plan which provides for gratuity payment. The plan provides a lump sum gratuity payment to eligible employees 
at retirement or termination of their employment. The amounts are based on the respective employee's last drawn salary and the year of 
employment with the company.
  These plans typically expose the Company to actuarial risks such as: Investment, Interest rate, longevity and salary risk:
  A)  Actuarial Risk: It is the risk that benefits will cost more than expected. This can arise due to one of the following reasons:
Raghav Productivity Enhancers Ltd.
154
Annual Report 2025-26

--- page 147 ---
Notes to the Standalone Ind AS Financial Statement
for the year ended March 31, 2026
    Adverse Salary Growth Experience: Salary hikes that are higher than the assumed salary escalation will result into an increase in obligation 
at a rate that is higher than expected.
    Variabilty in mortality rates : If actual mortality rates are higher than the assumed mortality rates asssumption than the Gratuity Benefits 
will be paid earlier than expected. Since there is no condition of vesting on the death benefit, the acceleration of cash flow will lead to an 
actuarial loss or gain depending on the relative values of the assumed salary growth and discount rate.
    Variabilty in withdrawal rates: If actual withdrawal rates are higher than assumed withdrawal rate assumption than the Gratuity Benfits will 
be paid earlier than expected.The impact of this will depend on whether the benefits are vested as at the resignation date.
  B)   Investment risk: For funded plans that rely on insurers for managing the assets,the value of assets certified by the insurer may not be 
fair value of instruments backing the liability. In such cases, the present value of the assets is independent of the future discount rate. 
This can result in wide fluctuations in the net liability or the funded status if there are significant changes in the discount rate during the inter 
valuation period.
  C)   Liquidity risk: Employees with high salaries and long durations or those higher in hierarchy,accumulate significant level of benefits. If some 
of such employees resign/retire from the company there can be strain on the cashflows.
  D)   Market risk: Market risk is a collective term for risks that are related to the changes and fluctuations of the financial markets. One acturial 
assumption that has material effect is the discount rate. The discount rate reflects time value of money. An increase in discount rate leads 
to decrease in Defined Benefit Obligation of the plan benefits and vice-versa. This assumption depends on the yields on the corporate / 
government bonds and hence the valuation of the liability is exposed to fluctuations in the yields as at the valuation date.
  E)   Legislative risk: Legislative risk is the risk of increase in the plan laibilities or reduction in the plan assets due to change in legislation / 
regulation. The Government may amend the Payment of Gratuity Act thus requiring the companies to pay higher benefits to the employees. 
This will directly affect the present value of the Defined Benefit Obligation and the same will have to be recognised immediately in the year 
when any such amendement is effective.
   No other post-retirement benefits are provided to the employees.
   The present value of the defined benefit obligation were carried out as at March 31, 2026 by a certified actuary of the Institute of Actuaries 
of India. The present value of the defined benefit obligation, and the related current service cost and past service cost, were measured using 
the projected unit credit method.
   Assumptions:
   The principal assumptions used for the purposes of the actuarial valuations are given below:
(` In Lakhs)
Particulars Gratuity
March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Discount Rate 7.16% 6.71%
Future Salary growth rate 8.00% 8.00%
Rate of Return on Plan Assets Not Applicable Not Applicable
Mortality table used IALM 2012-14 IALM 2012-14
155
Annual Report 2025-26
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 118STATUTORY REPORTS22CORPORATE OVERVIEW01

--- page 148 ---
Notes to the Standalone Ind AS Financial Statement
for the year ended March 31, 2026
  Projected Benefit Obligation
(` In Lakhs)
Particulars Gratuity
March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Projected benefit Obligation at beginning of the year  61.74  68.78 
Transfer in/(out) obligation  (20.07)  (13.44)
Interest Cost  4.03  4.77 
Current Service Cost  8.70  11.69 
Actuarial (Gain)/Loss  (11.98)  (10.06)
Benefits paid  -     -    
Projected benefit Obligation at end of the year  42.42  61.74 
  Amount recognised in the Balance Sheet:
(` In Lakhs)
Particulars Gratuity
March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Amount recognised in the Balance Sheet:
Projected benefit Obligation at end of the year  42.42  61.74 
Fair Value of Plan Assets as at year end  -     -    
Net (Asset)/Liability recognized in the Balance Sheet  42.42  61.74 
  Experience Adjustment
(` In Lakhs)
Particulars Gratuity
March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Present value of defined benefit obligation  42.42  61.74 
Fair Value of plan assets  -     -    
Balance Sheet (Liability)/ Asset  42.42  61.74 
P&L (Income)/ expenses  12.73  16.46 
Experience adjustment on plan liabilities (gain)/ loss  (11.98)  (10.06)
Experience adjustment on plan assets gain/ (loss)  -     -    
  Sensitivity analysis in respect of the actuarial assumptions used in calculation of defined benefit obligation are given below:
(` In Lakhs)
Particulars Gratuity
March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Discount rate  - 0.5% increase  40.85  59.38 
Discount rate  - 0.5% decrease  44.11  64.28 
Salary Growth rate - 0.5% increase  43.23  63.03 
Salary Growth rate - 0.5% decrease  41.52  60.54 
Withdrawal rate - 10% increase  42.55  61.78 
Withdrawal rate - 10% decrease  42.27  61.66 
Raghav Productivity Enhancers Ltd.
156
Annual Report 2025-26

--- page 149 ---
Notes to the Standalone Ind AS Financial Statement
for the year ended March 31, 2026
Note-33 Capital Management
The capital structure of the Company consists of net debt and total equity of the Company. The Company manages its capital to ensure that the 
Company will be able to continue as going concern while maximising the return to stakeholders through an optimum mix of debt and equity within the 
overall capital structure. The Company’s risk management committee reviews the capital structure of the Company considering the cost of capital and 
the risks associated with each class of capital.
Note-34 Related Party Disclosures
The Company has made the following transactions with related parties as defined under the provisions of Indian Accounting Standard-24 issued by the 
Institute of Chartered Accountants of India.
List of related parties with whom transactions have taken place during the year along with the nature and volume of transaction is given below from 
01.04.2025 to 31.03.2026.
Particulars
Directors & Key managerial persons & their associate concerns Relation
Sanjay Kabra Whole Time Director of the Company
Rajesh Kabra Managing Director of the Company
Krishna Kabra Director of the Company
Amar Lal Daultani Independent Director of the Company
Hemant Madhusudan Nerurkar Independent Director of the Company
Rajni Sekhri Sibal Independent Director of the Company
Govind Saboo Independent Director of the Company
Praveen Totla Independent Director of the Company
Deepak Jaju CFO of the Company
Neha Rathi CS of the Company
Relatives of Directors Relation with Directors
Raghav Kabra Son of the Director
Rashi Gupta Daughter In Law of the director
Related Parties where control exists Relation
Raghav Productivity Solutions Private Limited Wholly Owned Subsidiary
Enterprises owned/controlled by directors & their relatives Relations with Directors
Raghav Steels Director is Proprietor
CG Innovations Private Limited Owned by Director's Daughter
157
Annual Report 2025-26
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 118STATUTORY REPORTS22CORPORATE OVERVIEW01

--- page 150 ---
Notes to the Standalone Ind AS Financial Statement
for the year ended March 31, 2026
Transaction with key management persons
(` In Lakhs)
Nature of transaction March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Remuneration 141.78 157.37
Sanjay Kabra 52.50 72.00
Rajesh Kabra 75.00 72.00
Deepak Jaju 8.07 7.92
Neha Rathi 6.21 5.45
Sitting Fees 7.75 7.00
Rajni Sekhri Sibal 3.75 3.00
Amar Lal Daultani 4.00 4.00
(` In Lakhs)
Nature of transaction March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Rent Paid
Raghav Steels(Prop Sanjay Kabra) 10.63 9.66
10.63 9.66
Transaction with relatives
(` In Lakhs)
Nature of transaction March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Salary 7.00 7.50
Salary to Rashi Gupta 7.00 7.50
Transactions with Related parties where control exists
(` In Lakhs)
Nature of transaction March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Interest Received on Loan
Raghav Productivity Solutions Private Limited 53.78 114.51
Dividend Received
Raghav Productivity Solutions Private Limited 456.25 -
Interest Received on CCD(Investment))
Raghav Productivity Solutions Private Limited - 4.29
Sales to Subsidiary
Raghav Productivity Solutions Private Limited - 105.09
Purchases from Subsidiary
Raghav Productivity Solutions Private Limited - 49.50
Loan To Wholly Owned Subsidiary
Raghav Productivity Solutions Private Limited
O/s Balance at the year End 3.65 360.39
Total Loan advanced during the period (Including Interest Charged) 3,699.41 2,323.81
Total Loan repaid by the subsidiary during the period 4,056.15 2,806.30
(` In Lakhs)
Investment in Subsidiary - Raghav Productivity Solutions Private Limited March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Balance at the year end 6,521.45 6,510.00
Raghav Productivity Enhancers Ltd.
158
Annual Report 2025-26

--- page 151 ---
Notes to the Standalone Ind AS Financial Statement
for the year ended March 31, 2026
(` In Lakhs)
Office expenses March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
CG Innovations Private Limited 0.40 11.93
0.40 11.93
(` In Lakhs)
Consumable Purchased March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Prime Telelink Private limited 1.02 0.30
1.02 0.30
Note-35 Contingent Liabilities, Pending Litigations  and Capital Commitments
(` In Lakhs)
Particulars March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Name of Statute Nature of Dues Period to which the 
amount is related
Forum where dispute 
is pending
Amount (` in Lakhs) Amount (` in Lakhs)
Income Tax Income Tax AY 2017-18 Centralised Processing 
Centre
9.24 9.24
Income Tax TDS AY 2024-25 to AY 
2026-27
At Traces Website 8.10 0.20
2. Pending Litigation-Nil
3. Capital Commitments- Nil
Note 36: Fair Value Measurement
(` In Lakhs)
Particulars March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Amortised cost Carrying value Amortised cost Carrying value
Financial Assets
(i) Trade receivables 3,609.58 3,609.58 3,818.39 3,818.39
(ii) Loans & advances 39.68 39.68 394.01 394.01
(iii) Others 1,209.78 1,209.78 9.20 9.20
(iv) Cash & cash equivalents 684.95 684.95 575.23 575.23
Total 5,543.99 5,543.99 4,796.83 4,796.83
Financial Liabilities
(i) Trade payables 611.72 611.72 1,045.46 1,045.46
(ii) Other financial liabilities 156.92 156.92 280.51 280.51
Total 768.64 768.64 1,325.97 1,325.97
The Company maintains policies and procedures to value financial assets or financial liabilities using the best and most relevant data available. The fair 
values of the financial assets and liabilities are included at the amount that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly 
transaction between market participants at the measurement date.The following methods and assumptions were used to estimate the fair values:
1)   Fair value of cash and deposits, trade receivables, trade payables, and other current financial assets and liabilities approximate their carrying 
amounts largely due to the short-term maturities of these instruments.
2)   Long-term variable-rate borrowings are evaluated by the Company based on parameters such as interest rates, specific country risk factors, 
credit risk and other risk characteristics. Fair value of variable interest rate borrowings approximates their carrying values. Risk of other factors 
for the company is considered to be insignificant in valuation.
159
Annual Report 2025-26
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 118STATUTORY REPORTS22CORPORATE OVERVIEW01

--- page 152 ---
Notes to the Standalone Ind AS Financial Statement
for the year ended March 31, 2026
Note 37: Financial Risk Management
Financial risk management policy and objectives
The key objective of the Company’s financial risk management is to ensure that it maintains a stable capital structure with the focus on total equity to 
uphold investor, creditor, and customer confidence and to ensure future development of its business. The Company is focused on maintaining a strong 
equity base to ensure independence, security, as well as financial flexibility for potential future borrowings, if required without impacting the risk profile 
of the Company.
Company’s principal financial liabilities, comprise Borrowings from Banks, trade and other payables. The main purpose of these financial liabilities is 
to finance Company's operations and plant expansion. Company’s principal financial assets include investments, trade and other receivables, deposits 
with banks and cash and cash equivalents, that derive directly from its operations.
Company is exposed to market risk, credit risk and liquidity risk.
The Company’s Board oversees the management of these risks. The Company’s Board is supported by senior management team that advises on 
financial risks and the appropriate financial risk governance framework for the Company. The senior management provides assurance to the Company’s 
Board that the Company’s financial risk activities are governed by appropriate policies and procedures and that financial risks are identified, measured 
and managed in accordance with the Company’s policies and risk objectives.
The Board of Directors reviews and agrees policies for managing each of these risks, which are summarised below.
i)  Market risk
  Market risk is the risk that the fair value of future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate because of changes in market prices. 
Market risk comprises three types of risk interest rate risk, currency risk and price risk. Financial instruments affected by market risk include 
investments in equity shares, security deposits, trade and other receivables, deposits with banks and financial liabilities.
  The sensitivity analysis in the following sections relate to the position as at March 31, 2025 and March 31, 2026. The sensitivity of the relevant 
income statement item is the effect of the assumed changes in respective market risks. 
 a)  Foreign currency risk
     Foreign currency risk is the risk that fair value or future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate because of changes in foreign 
exchange rate. The company is exposed to foreign exchange risk arising from foreign currency transactions primarily to EURO & USD.
     Foreign currency sensitivity
     The following tables demonstrate the sensitivity to a reasonably possible change by 5% in USD exchange rates, with all other 
variables held constant.
(` In Lakhs)
Financial Exposure March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Financial liabilities:
USD Converted in Rupees - -
Net exposure - -
  Sensitivity Analysis
(` In Lakhs)
Currency Amount in INR 5% increase 5% decrease
March 31, 
2026
March 31, 
2025
March 31, 
2026
March 31, 
2025
March 31, 
2026
March 31, 
2025
USD Converted in Rupees - - - - - -
Raghav Productivity Enhancers Ltd.
160
Annual Report 2025-26

--- page 153 ---
Notes to the Standalone Ind AS Financial Statement
for the year ended March 31, 2026
 b)  Interest rate risk
     Interest rate risk is the risk that changes in market interest rates will lead to change in interest income and expense for the Company. In order 
to optimize the Company's position with regards to interest income & expense and to manage the interest risk, the Company performs 
comprehensive interest risk management by balancing the proportion of fix & variable rate financial instruments.
(` In Lakhs)
Particulars March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Fixed rate instruments
Fixed deposit with Banks 1,207.85 6.21
Borrowings - -
1,207.85 6.21
  Sensitivity analysis:
     A change in 50 basis point in interest rate at the reporting date would have increase/(decrease) Profit or Loss by the amount shown below.
     This analysis assumes that all other variables, remain constant.
(` In Lakhs)
Particulars March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Increase Decrease Increase Decrease
Interest rate - increase/decrease by 50 basis point 6.04 (6.04) 0.03 (0.03)
 c)  Commodity Risk
     Commodity risk is defined as the possibility of financial loss as a result of fluctuation in price of Raw Material/Finished Goods and change in 
demand of the product and market in which the company operates. The Company is exposed to the movement in price of key raw materials 
in domestic and international markets. The Company has in place policies to manage exposure to fluctuations in the prices of the key raw 
materials used in operations. The company forecast annual business plan and execute on monthly business plan. Raw material procurement 
is aligned to its monthly/annual business plan and inventory position is monitored in accordance with future price trend.
 ii)  Credit risk
  Credit risk refers to the risk of default on its obligation by the counterparty resulting in a financial loss. The Company is exposed to credit risk 
mainly from its operating activities (primarily trade receivables) and from its financing activities, including deposits with banks.
  Credit risk on trade receivables is managed by the Company through credit approvals, establishing credit limits and continuously monitoring the 
creditworthiness of customers to which the Company grants credit terms in the normal course of business. The Company has no concentration 
of risk as customer base in widely distributed both economically and geographically.
  An impairment analysis is performed at each reporting date on an individual basis for major clients. In addition, a large number of minor receivables 
are grouped into homogenous groups and assessed for impairment collectively. The calculation is based on exchange losses historical data. 
The maximum exposure to credit risk at the reporting date is the carrying value of each class of financial assets. The Company does not hold 
collateral as security. The Company uses expected credit loss model to assess the impairment loss or gain. The Company uses a provision matrix 
to compute the expected credit loss allowance for trade receivables. The provision matrix takes into account available external and internal credit 
risk factors such as financial condition, ageing of outstanding and the Company's historical experience for customers.
 Following are the ageing related to above mentioned trade receivables.
(` In Lakhs)
Particulars March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
<6 months >6 months <6 months >6 months
Trade Receivables 3,411.78 197.81 3,585.81 232.58
161
Annual Report 2025-26
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 118STATUTORY REPORTS22CORPORATE OVERVIEW01

--- page 154 ---
Notes to the Standalone Ind AS Financial Statement
for the year ended March 31, 2026
 b)  Financial instruments and cash deposits
     Credit risk from balances with banks and financial institutions is managed by the Company’s treasury department in accordance with 
Company’s policy. Investments of surplus funds are made only with approved counterparties and within credit limits assigned to each 
counterparty. Company monitors rating, credit spreads and financial strength of its counter parties. Company monitors ratings, credit 
spread and financial strength of its counter parties. Based on ongoing assessment Company adjust it's exposure to various counterparties. 
Company's maximum exposure to credit risk for the components of balance sheet is the carrying amount.
     Credit risk exposure
     The following table shows the maximum exposure to the credit risk at the reporting date :
(` In Lakhs)
Particulars March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Non Current Current Non Current Current
Loans 36.04 3.65 32.61 361.39
Trade Receivables - 3,609.58 - 3,818.39
Cash equivalents - 684.95 - 575.23
Other financials assets 1,201.25 8.52 - 9.20
Total 1,237.29 4,306.70 32.61 4,764.20
iii)  Liquidity risk
  Liquidity risk is the risk that the Company may not be able to meet its present and future cash flow obligations without incurring unacceptable 
losses. Company's objective is to, at all time maintain optimum levels of liquidity to meet its cash requirements. Company closely monitors its 
liquidity position and deploys a robust cash management system. It maintains adequate sources of financing including overdraft, debt from banks 
at optimised cost and cash flow from operations.
  The table summarises the maturity profile of Company's financial liabilities based on contractual undiscounted payments.
(` In Lakhs)
Particulars March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Within 1 year >1 years Total Within 1 year >1 years Total
Other liabilities 156.92 - 156.92 280.51 280.51
Trade and other payable 611.72 - 611.72 1,045.46 - 1,045.46
Note 38- Corporate Social Responsibilty (CSR)
As per Section 135 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with guidelines issued by Department of Public Enterprises, GOI, the Company is required to 
spend, in every financial year, at least two per cent of the average net profits of the Company made during the three immediately preceding financial 
years in accordance with its CSR Policy. The details of CSR expenses for the year are as under:
(` In Lakhs)
Particulars Year ended  
Mar 31, 2026
Year ended  
Mar 31, 2025
A.  Amount required to be spent during the year 64.95 62.17
B.  Amount spent during the year on:
  a)  Construction/Acquisition of any asset - -
  b)  On purposes other than (a) above 65.00 62.20
  C.  Shortfall for the year, in any in Amount required to be spent net of Amount spent - -
D.  Provision made for shortfall during the year - -
E.  Total of Previous Year Shortfalls - -
F .  Total Provision for Unspent CSR - -
Raghav Productivity Enhancers Ltd.
162
Annual Report 2025-26

--- page 155 ---
Notes to the Standalone Ind AS Financial Statement
for the year ended March 31, 2026
(` In Lakhs)
Nature of CSR Activites FY 2025-26 FY 2024-25
Promoting gender equality, empowering women, setting up homes and hostels for women and 
orphans; setting up old age homes, day care centres and such other facilities for senior citizens 
and measures for reducing inequalities faced by socially and economically backward groups
5.60 15.35
Promoting education, including special education and employment enhancing vocation skills 
especially among children, women, elderly and the differently abled and livelihood enhancement 
projects
26.68 30.05
Ensuring environmental sustainability, ecological balance, protection of flora and fauna, animal 
welfare, agroforestry, conservation of natural resources and maintaining quality of soil, air and 
water including contribution to the Clean Ganga Fund set-up by the Central Government for 
rejuvenation of river Ganga
- -
Eradicating hunger, poverty and malnutrition, promoting health care including preventive health 
care and sanitation including contribution to the Swach Bharat Kosh set-up by the Central 
Government for the promotion of sanitation and making available safe drinking water
32.73 16.80
Others-Social Wellness Fund - -
Total 65.00 62.20
The company has not dealt with any related party in regard to its CSR Activities
Where a provision is made with respect to a liability incurred by entering into a contractual obligation, the movements in the provision during the Year 
: Not Applicable
Note 39-Dividend
The Board has recommended a Final Dividend of ` 1 (i.e. @ 10.00%) per equity share of Rs.10/- each on fully paid equity shares as on the record date 
for the financial year 2025-26.
Note-40  Analytical Ratios   
(` In Lakhs)
Ratio Numerator Denominator Current Year 
March 31, 2026
Previous Year 
March 31, 2025
Variance % Variance Reasons
Current ratio (in 
times)
Total current Assets Total current liabilities 11.08 6.65 66.52% Due to Significant 
Decline in Trade 
payables
Debt-equity ratio 
(in times)
Long term liabilities 
+short term borrowings
Total equity NA NA NA -
Debt service 
coverage ratio (in 
times)
Earnings before debt 
service = Net profit 
after taxes + non cash 
operating expenses + 
Interest + Other non cash 
adjustments
Debt service = 
Interest + principle 
repayments
NA NA NA -
Return on equity 
ratio (in %)
Profit for the year Average 
Shareholder's Equity
15.24% 12.67% 20.30% -
Inventory 
turnover ratio (in 
times)
Revenue from operations Average inventory 4.93 4.95 (0.35)% -
Trade receivables 
turnover ratio (in 
times)
Revenue from operations Average Trade 
Receivables
3.08 3.21 (4.11)% -
163
Annual Report 2025-26
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 118STATUTORY REPORTS22CORPORATE OVERVIEW01

--- page 156 ---
Notes to the Standalone Ind AS Financial Statement
for the year ended March 31, 2026
(` In Lakhs)
Ratio Numerator Denominator Current Year 
March 31, 2026
Previous Year 
March 31, 2025
Variance % Variance Reasons
Trade payables 
turnover
Net Credit Purchases Average Trade 
Payables
4.25 3.33 27.72% The increase is 
primarily due to 
higher purchase 
volume, resulting 
in more frequent 
settlement of 
payables during the 
period.
Net capital 
turnover ratio
Revenue from operations Average Working 
capital
1.20 1.49 (19.15)% -
Net profit ratio 
(in %)
Profit for the year Revenue from 
operations
18.71% 18.54% 0.94% -
Return on capital 
employed (in %)
Earning before tax and 
finance cost
Capital employed = 
Total Equity + Total 
Borrowings + Def 
Tax Liability
18.30% 15.95% 14.72% -
Return on 
Investment
Income generated from 
invested funds
Invested funds in 
treasury investmens
7.58% 5.37% 41.16% It has increased 
due to investment 
in higher return 
generating mutual 
funds
Note-41 Segment Reporting
The company operates in only one Segment i.e. 'Ramming Mass'. Accordingly, the Company is a single segment Company in accordance with Ind AS 
108-Operating Segment.
Note-42
The previous year figures have been regrouped, rearranged and reclassified whenever necessary.
Note-43- Information required against additional disclosures as per amendments in Schedule III of Companies Act, 2013 are as 
under:-
a.  Title deeds of Immovable Property not held in name of the Company (Para a(ii)(XIII)(Y)(i))- There are no immovable properties owned by the 
company whose title deeds are not held in its name.
b.  Revaluation of Property, Plant & Equipment (Para a(ii)(XIII)(Y)(ii)) - During the year under review the company has not revalued its property, 
plant & Equipment.
c.  Loan & Advance made to promoters, directors, KMPs and other related parties (Para a(ii)(XIII)(Y)(iii))- The Company has provided loans and 
advance to the parties covered under this clause. The same has been disclosed in Note no. 34 Related Party Disclosure
d. Intangible Assets under development (Para a(ii)(XIII)(Y)(v))- There are no intangible assets under development.
e.  Details of Benami property held (Para a(ii)(XIII)(Y)(vi))-  No proceeding has been initiated or pending against the company for holding any 
benami property under the Benami Transactions (Prohibition) Act, 1988 and rules made thereunder
f.   Willful Defaulter (Para a(ii)(XIII)(Y)(viii))-  The company has not been declared as wilful defaulter by any bank or financial institutions 
or other lenders.
g.  Relationship with struck of Companies (Para a(ii)(XIII)(Y)(ix))- Following are the transactions (Including Investment in Securities / Shares held 
by Struck off company & Other Outstanding balances) with companies struck off u/s 248 of the Companies Act 2013, or section 560 of the 
Companies Act, 1956:
Raghav Productivity Enhancers Ltd.
164
Annual Report 2025-26

--- page 157 ---
Notes to the Standalone Ind AS Financial Statement
for the year ended March 31, 2026
Relationship with Struck off Companies
Name of struck off Company Nature of transactions with struck-off Company Balance outstanding Relationship with the 
Struck off company, if 
any, to be disclosed
- Investments in securities - -
- Receivables - -
- Payables - -
- Shares held by struck off company - -
- Other outstanding balances (to be specified) - -
h.  Registration of charges and satisfaction with Registrar of Companies (Para a(ii)(XIII)(Y)(x))- There are no charges or satisfaction of charges 
which are yet to be registered with Registrar of Companies beyond the statutory period.
i.   Compliance with number of layers of companies (Para a(ii)(XIII)(Y)(xi)) - The company has not made violation of requirements related to 
number of layers of companies as prescribed under clause 87 of Section 2 read with Commpanies (Restriction of number of Layeers) Rules 2017.
j.  Compliance with approved Scheme(s) of Arrangements (Para a(ii)(XIII)(Y)(xiii)) - Not Applicable
k.   Utilization of Borrowed funds and share premium (Para a(ii)(XIII)(Y)(xiv)) - No funds have been advanced or loaned or invested (either from 
borrowed funds or share premium or any other sources or kind of funds) by the Company to or in any other persons(s) or entity(ies), including 
foreign entities (“Intermediaries”) with the understanding, whether recorded in writing or otherwise, that the Intermediary shall lend or invest in 
party identified by or on behalf of the Company (Ultimate Beneficiaries). The Company has not received any fund from any party(s) (Funding 
Party) with the understanding that the Company shall whether, directly or indirectly lend or invest in other persons or entities identified by or on 
behalf of the Company (“Ultimate Beneficiaries”) or provide any guarantee, security or the like on behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries.
l.   Undisclosed Income (Para a(iii)(ix))- Company has not surrendered or disclosed any transaction which was not recorded in the books of 
accounts as income during the year in the tax assessment under the Income Tax Act.
m.  Details of Crypto Currency or Virtual Currency (Para a(iii)(xi))- The company has not traded or invested in Crypto Currency or Virtual Currency 
during the financial year.
Note-44
On November 21, 2025, the Government of India notified the four Labour Codes - the Code on Wages, 2019, the Industrial Relations Code, 2020, 
the Code on Social Security, 2020, and the Occupational Safety, Health and Working Conditions Code, 2020 - consolidating 29 existing labour laws. 
The Ministry of Labour & Employment published draft Central Rules and FAQs to enable assessment of the financial impact due to changes in 
regulations. The Company has assessed the same & there is no material impact of these changes and to the best information available, consistent with 
the guidance provided by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India. The Company continues to monitor the finalisation of Central / State Rules 
and clarifications from the Government on other aspects of the Labour Code and would provide appropriate accounting effect (if any) on the basis of 
such developments as needed.
AS PER OUR REPORT OF EVEN DATE For and on behalf of the Board of Directors
Raghav Productivity Enhancers Ltd.
For A. Bafna & Co.
Chartered Accountants
Firm Reg. No. 003660C
Sd/- Sd/- Sd/-
CA Rajat Sharma Rajesh Kabra Sanjay Kabra
(Partner) (Managing Director) (Whole Time Director)
M. No. 428792 DIN:00935200 DIN:02552178
Sd/- Sd/-
Deepak Jaju Neha Rathi
Date : April 24, 2026 (CFO) (Company Secretary)
Place : Jaipur Pan No. : AIDPJ5564H Membership No:38807
165
Annual Report 2025-26
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 118STATUTORY REPORTS22CORPORATE OVERVIEW01

--- page 158 ---
Independent Auditor’s Report 
on Audit of Consolidated Financial Statements
To
The Members of
Raghav Productivity Enhancers Limited
Opinion
We have audited the accompanying consolidated financial statements 
of RAGHAV PRODUCTIVITY ENHANCERS LIMITED (“the Company”)
and its subsidiary (the Company and its subsidiary together referred 
to as the “Group”), which comprise the Consolidated Balance Sheet as 
at March 31, 2026, and the Consolidated Statement of Profit and Loss 
(including Other Comprehensive Income), the Consolidated Statement of 
Changes in Equity and the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows for the 
year then ended, and a summary of significant accounting policies and 
other explanatory information (hereinafter referred to as the “consolidated 
financial statements”).
In our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the 
explanations given to us, the aforesaid consolidated financial statements, 
give the information required by the Companies Act, 2013 (the “ Act”) 
in the manner so required and give a true and fair view in conformity 
with the Indian Accounting Standards prescribed under section 133 of 
the Act read with the Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules, 
2015, as amended (“Ind AS”) and other accounting principles generally 
accepted in India, of the consolidated state of affairs of the Group as 
at March 31, 2026 and their consolidated profit, their consolidated total 
comprehensive income, their consolidated changes in equity and their 
consolidated cash flows for the year ended.
Basis of Opinion
We conducted our audit of the consolidated financial statements in 
accordance with the Standards on Auditing (“SA ”s) specified under 
section 143(10) of the Act. Our responsibilities under those Standards 
are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of 
the Consolidated Financial Statements section of our report. We are 
independent of the Group in accordance with the Code of Ethics issued 
by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India (“ICAI”) together with 
the ethical requirements that are relevant to our audit of the consolidated 
financial statements under the provisions of the Act and the Rules 
made thereunder, and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities 
in accordance with these requirements and the ICAI’s Code of Ethics. 
We believe that the audit evidence obtained by us is sufficient and 
appropriate to provide a basis for our audit opinion on the consolidated 
financial statements.
In our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the 
explanations given to us, these consolidated financial results include the 
financial results of the following entity:
a. Raghav Productivity Solutions Private Limited
Key Audit Matters
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, 
were of most significance in our audit of the standalone financial 
statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the 
context of our audit of the standalone financial statements as a whole, 
and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate 
opinion on these matters. We have determined the matters described 
below to be the key audit matters to be communicated in our report.
The Key Audit Matter How was the matter addressed in our audit
Revenue Recognition
Revenue is one of the key profit drivers. Cut-off is the key assertion 
insofar as revenue recognition is concerned, since an inappropriate cut-
off can result in material misstatement of results for the year.
Our audit procedures with regard to revenue recognition included testing 
controls, around dispatches/ deliveries, inventory reconciliations and 
substantive testing for cut-offs and analytical review procedures.
Information other than the Financial Statements and Auditor’s 
Report thereon
The Company’s management and Board of Directors are responsible for 
the other information. The other information comprises the information 
included in the Company’s annual report, but does not include the 
standalone Ind AS financial statements and our auditors’ report thereon. 
These reports are expected to be made available to us after the date of 
this audit report.
Our opinion on the Consolidated Ind AS financial statements does not 
cover the other information and we do not express any form of assurance 
conclusion thereon.
In connection with our audit of the Consolidated Ind AS financial 
statements, our responsibility is to read the other information and, in 
doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent 
with the Consolidated financial statements or our knowledge obtained 
in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If, based 
on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material 
misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that 
fact. Since these reports are expected to be made available to us after 
the date of this audit report hence currently, we have nothing to report 
in this regard.
Management’s and Board of Directors’ Responsibilities for the 
Consolidated Financial Statements
The Company’s Board of Directors is responsible for the matters stated in 
section 134(5) of the Act with respect to the preparation and presentation 
of these Consolidated Financial Statements that give a true and fair view 
of the consolidated financial position, consolidated financial performance 
including other comprehensive income, consolidated changes in equity 
and consolidated cash flows of the Group in accordance with the 
Raghav Productivity Enhancers Ltd.
166
Annual Report 2025-26

--- page 159 ---
Ind AS and other accounting principles generally accepted in India. 
The respective Boards of Directors of the companies included in the 
Group are responsible for maintenance of adequate accounting records 
in accordance with the provisions of the Act for safeguarding the 
assets of the Group and for preventing and detecting frauds and other 
irregularities; selection and application of appropriate accounting policies; 
making judgments and estimates that are reasonable and prudent; and 
design, implementation and maintenance of adequate internal financial 
controls, that were operating effectively for ensuring the accuracy and 
completeness of the accounting records, relevant to the preparation and 
presentation of the financial statements that give a true and fair view 
and are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, 
which have been used for the purpose of preparation of the consolidated 
financial statements by the Directors of the Company, as aforesaid.
In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the respective Boards 
of Directors of the companies included in the Group are responsible for 
assessing the ability of the respective entities to continue as a going 
concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern 
and using the going concern basis of accounting unless the respective 
Boards of Directors either intend to liquidate their respective entities or to 
cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.
The respective Board of Directors of the companies included in the 
Group are also responsible for overseeing the company’s financial 
reporting process.
Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated 
Financial Statements
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the 
consolidated financial statements as a whole are free from material 
misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s 
report that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of 
assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance 
with SAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. 
Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material 
if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to 
influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these 
consolidated financial statements.
As part of an audit in accordance with SAs, we exercise professional 
judgment and maintain professional skepticism throughout the 
audit. We also:
•  Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the 
consolidated financial statements, whether due to fraud or error, 
design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, 
and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to 
provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material 
misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting 
from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional 
omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.
•  Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit 
in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the 
circumstances but not for the purpose of expressing a opinion on 
whether the company and its subsidiary company has adequate 
internal financial control with reference to financial statement in 
place and operating effectiveness of such controls.
•  Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the 
reasonableness of accounting estimates and related disclosures 
made by management.
•  Conclude on the appropriateness of management’s use of the 
going concern basis of accounting and, based on the audit 
evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to 
events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the ability 
of the Group to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a 
material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our 
auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the financial statements 
or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. 
Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the 
date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions 
may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.
•  Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the 
consolidated financial statements, including the disclosures, 
and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the 
underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves 
fair presentation.
•  Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial 
information of the entities within the Group to express an opinion on 
the consolidated financial statements. We are responsible for the 
direction, supervision and performance of the audit of the financial 
statements of such entities included in the consolidated financial 
statements of which we are the independent auditors.
Materiality is the magnitude of misstatements in the consolidated 
financial statements that, individually or in aggregate, makes it probable 
that the economic decisions of a reasonably knowledgeable user of 
the standalone financial statements may be influenced. We consider 
quantitative materiality and qualitative factors in (i) planning the scope 
of our audit work and in evaluating the results of our work; and (ii) to 
evaluate the effect of any identified misstatements in the consolidated 
financial statements.
We communicate with those charged with governance of the Company 
and such other entities included in the consolidated financial statements 
of which we are the independent auditors regarding, among other 
matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit and significant audit 
findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we 
identify during our audit.
We also provide those charged with governance with a statement 
that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements regarding 
independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other 
matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, 
and where applicable, related safeguards.
From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we 
determine those matters that were of most significance in the audit of the 
consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore 
the key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report 
unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or 
when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should 
not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences 
167
Annual Report 2025-26
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 118STATUTORY REPORTS22CORPORATE OVERVIEW01

--- page 160 ---
of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest 
benefits of such communication.
Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements
1.  With respect to the matters specified in paragraphs 3(xxi) and 4 
of the Companies (Auditor’s Report) Order, 2020 (the “Order”/ 
“CARO”) issued by the Central Government in terms of Section 
143(11) of the Act, to be included in the Auditor’s report, according 
to the information and explanations given to us, and based on the 
CARO reports issued by us for the Company and its subsidiaries 
included in the consolidated financial statements of the Company, 
to which reporting under CARO is applicable, we report that there 
are no qualifications or adverse remarks in these CARO reports.
2.  As required by Section 143(3) of the Act, based on our audit 
we report that:
  a)  We have sought and obtained all the information and 
explanations which to the best of our knowledge and belief 
were necessary for the purposes of our audit of the aforesaid 
consolidated financial statements.
  b)  In our opinion, proper books of account as required by law 
relating to preparation of the aforesaid consolidated financial 
statements have been kept by the Company so far as it 
appears from our examination of those books.
  c)  The Consolidated Balance Sheet, the Consolidated Statement 
of Profit and Loss including Other Comprehensive Income, 
the Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity and 
the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows dealt with by 
this Report are in agreement with the books of accounts 
maintained for the purpose of preparation of the consolidated 
financial statements.
  d)  In our opinion, the aforesaid consolidated financial 
statements comply with the Ind AS specified under Section 
133 of the Act.
  e)  On the basis of the written representations received from 
the directors of the Company as on March 31, 2026 taken 
on record by the Boards of Directors of the Company 
and the reports of the statutory auditors of its subsidiary 
companies incorporated in India, none of the directors of the 
Group companies incorporated in India is disqualified as on 
March 31, 2026 from being appointed as a director in terms 
of Section 164 (2) of the Act.
  f)  With respect to the adequacy of the internal financial controls 
over financial reporting and the operating effectiveness of 
such controls, refer to our separate Report in “ Annexure I” 
which is based on the auditors’ reports of the Company and 
its subsidiary company incorporated in India. Our report 
expresses an unmodified opinion on the adequacy and 
operating effectiveness of internal financial controls over 
financial reporting of those companies.
  g)  With respect to the other matters to be included in the 
Auditor’s Report in accordance with the requirements of 
section 197(16) of the Act, as amended:
     In our opinion and to the best of our information and according 
to the explanations given to us, the remuneration paid by the 
Company to its directors during the year is in accordance 
with the provisions of section 197 of the Act.
  h)  With respect to the other matters to be included in the 
Auditor’s Report in accordance with Rule 11 of the 
Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014, as amended in 
our opinion and to the best of our information and according 
to the explanations given to us:
     i.  The Note 36 to the consolidated financial statements 
disclose the impact of pending litigations on the 
consolidated financial position of the Group.
     ii.  Provision has been made in the consolidated financial 
statements, as required under the applicable law 
or accounting standards, for material foreseeable 
losses, if any, on long term contracts including 
derivative contracts.
     iii.  There has been no delay in transferring amounts, 
required to be transferred, to the Investor Education and 
Protection Fund by the Company.
     iv. a)   The management has represented that, to the 
best of its knowledge and belief, as disclosed 
in Note 45(k) of the Consolidated Financial 
Statements, no funds have been advanced or 
loaned or invested (either from borrowed funds 
or share premium or any other sources or kind 
of funds) by the company to or in any other 
person(s) or entity(ies), including foreign entities 
(“Intermediaries”), with the understanding, 
whether recorded in writing or otherwise, that the 
Intermediary shall, whether, directly or indirectly 
lend or invest in other persons or entities identified 
in any manner whatsoever by or on behalf of the 
company (“Ultimate Beneficiaries”) or provide 
any guarantee, security or the like on behalf of the 
Ultimate Beneficiaries.
        b)   The management has represented, that, to the 
best of its knowledge and belief, as disclosed 
in Note 45(k) of the Consolidated Financial 
Statements, no funds have been received by 
the company from any person(s) or entity(ies), 
including foreign entities (“Funding Parties”), 
with the understanding, whether recorded in 
writing or otherwise, that the company shall, 
whether, directly or indirectly, lend or invest in 
other persons or entities identified in any manner 
Raghav Productivity Enhancers Ltd.
168
Annual Report 2025-26

--- page 161 ---
whatsoever by or on behalf of the Funding 
Party (“Ultimate Beneficiaries”) or provide any 
guarantee, security or the like on behalf of the 
Ultimate Beneficiaries;
        c)  Based on the audit procedures that have been 
considered reasonable and appropriate in 
the circumstances, nothing has come to our 
notice that has caused us to believe that the 
representations under sub-clause (i) and (ii) of 
Rule 11 (e) as provided under (A) and (B) above 
contain any material misstatement.
  v.  The final dividend paid by the Company during the year, 
in respect of the same declared for the previous year, is 
in accordance with Section 123 of the Act to the extent 
it applies to payment of dividend.
        As stated in note 40 to the standalone financial 
statements, the Board of Directors of the Company 
has proposed final dividend for the year which is 
subject to the approval of the members at the ensuing 
Annual General Meeting. The dividend declared is in 
accordance with Section 123 of the Act to the extent it 
applies to declaration of dividend.
  vi.  Based on our examination which included test checks, 
the company has used an accounting software for 
maintaining its books of account which has a feature 
of recording audit trail (edit log) facility and the same 
has operated throughout the year for all relevant 
transactions recorded in the software. Further, during 
the course of our audit we did not come across any 
instance of audit trail feature being tampered with & the 
audit trail has been preserved by the company as per 
the statutory requirements for record retention.
For A. Bafna & Co.
Chartered Accountants
FRN: 003660C
Sd/-
(CA Rajat Sharma)
Partner
Place: Jaipur  M No: 428792
Date: April 24, 2026  UDIN: 26428792FTKXNK3317
169
Annual Report 2025-26
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 118STATUTORY REPORTS22CORPORATE OVERVIEW01

--- page 162 ---
Annexure 1 to Independent Auditors Report
Referred to in paragraph 1(A)(f) under ‘Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements’ section of our report of even date to the members 
of Raghav Productivity Enhancers Limited.
Report on the Internal Financial Controls under Clause (i) of 
Sub-section 3 of Section 143 of the Companies Act, 2013 (“the 
Act”)
In conjunction with our audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements 
of the Company as of and for the year ended March 31, 2026,We have 
audited the internal financial controls over financial reporting RAGHAV 
PRODUCTIVITY ENHANCERS L TD. (“the Company”) and its subsidiary 
company, which are companies incorporated in India, as of that date.
Management’s Responsibility for Internal Financial Controls
The respective Boards of Directors of the Company and its subsidiary 
company, which are companies incorporated in India, are responsible 
for establishing and maintaining internal financial controls based on 
the internal control over financial reporting criteria established by the 
respective Companies considering the essential components of internal 
control stated in the Guidance Note on Audit of Internal Financial 
Controls Over Financial Reporting issued by the Institute of Chartered 
Accountants of India (the “ICAI”). These responsibilities include the 
design, implementation and maintenance of adequate internal financial 
controls that were operating effectively for ensuring the orderly and 
efficient conduct of its business, including adherence to the respective 
company’s policies, the safeguarding of its assets, the prevention and 
detection of frauds and errors, the accuracy and completeness of the 
accounting records, and the timely preparation of reliable financial 
information, as required under the Act.
Auditors’ Responsibility
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the internal financial 
controls over financial reporting of the Company and its subsidiary 
company, which are companies incorporated in India, based on our audit. 
We conducted our audit in accordance with the Guidance Note on Audit 
of Internal Financial Controls Over Financial Reporting (the “Guidance 
Note”) issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India (“ICAI”) 
and the Standards on Auditing, prescribed under Section 143(10) of the 
Companies Act, 2013, to the extent applicable to an audit of internal 
financial controls. Those Standards and the Guidance Note require that 
we comply with ethical requirements and plan and perform the audit to 
obtain reasonable assurance about whether adequate internal financial 
controls over financial reporting was established and maintained and if 
such controls operated effectively in all material respects.
Our audit involves performing procedures to obtain audit evidence about 
the adequacy of the internal financial controls system over financial 
reporting and their operating effectiveness. Our audit of internal financial 
controls over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of 
internal financial controls over financial reporting, assessing the risk that 
a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and 
operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. 
The procedures selected depend on the auditor’s judgement, including 
the assessment of the risks of material misstatement of the financial 
statements, whether due to fraud or error.
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and 
appropriate to provide a basis for our audit opinion on the internal 
financial controls system over financial reporting of the Company and 
its subsidiary companies, which are companies incorporated in India.
Meaning of Internal Financial Controls over Financial Reporting
A company’s internal financial control over financial reporting is a process 
designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of 
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external 
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. 
A company’s internal financial control over financial reporting includes 
those policies and procedures that:
1)  Pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, 
accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the 
assets of the company;
2)  Provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded 
as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in 
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and 
that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only 
in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of 
the company; and
3)  Provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely 
detection of unauthorised acquisition, use, or disposition of 
the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the 
financial statements.
Raghav Productivity Enhancers Ltd.
170
Annual Report 2025-26

--- page 163 ---
Inherent Limitations of Internal Financial Controls Over 
Financial Reporting
Because of the inherent limitations of internal financial controls over 
financial reporting, including the possibility of collusion or improper 
management override of controls, material misstatements due to error or 
fraud may occur and not be detected. Also, projections of any evaluation 
of the internal financial controls over financial reporting to future periods 
are subject to the risk that the internal financial control over financial 
reporting may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, 
or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures 
may deteriorate.
Opinion
In our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the 
explanations given to us, the Company and its subsidiary companies, 
which are companies incorporated in India, have, in all material 
respects, an adequate internal financial controls system over financial 
reporting and such internal financial controls over financial reporting 
were operating effectively as at March 31, 2025, based on the criteria 
for internal financial control over financial reporting established by the 
respective companies considering the essential components of internal 
control stated in the Guidance Note on Audit of Internal Financial Controls 
Over Financial Reporting issued by the ICAI.
For A Bafna & Co.
Chartered Accountants
Firm Reg. No.003660C
Sd/-
(Rajat Sharma)
Partner
Place: Jaipur  M.No. 428792
Date: 24thApril 2026  UDIN : 26428792FTKXNK3317
171
Annual Report 2025-26
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 118STATUTORY REPORTS22CORPORATE OVERVIEW01

--- page 164 ---
The accompanying notes form an integral part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
AS PER OUR REPORT OF EVEN DATE For and on behalf of the Board of Directors
Raghav Productivity Enhancers Ltd.
For A. Bafna & Co.
Chartered Accountants
Firm Reg. No. 003660C
Sd/- Sd/- Sd/-
CA Rajat Sharma Rajesh Kabra Sanjay Kabra
(Partner) (Managing Director) (Whole Time Director)
M. No. 428792 DIN:00935200 DIN:02552178
Sd/- Sd/-
Deepak Jaju Neha Rathi
Date : April 24, 2026 (CFO) (Company Secretary)
Place : Jaipur Pan No. : AIDPJ5564H Membership No:38807
Consolidated Balance Sheet
as at March 31, 2026
(` In Lakhs)
S. No. Particulars Note No. As at
March 31, 2026
As at
March 31, 2025
I. ASSETS
(1) Non-current assets
(a)  Property, Plant & Equipment 3 9,745.54 9,288.31
(b)  Capital work-in-progress 3 423.78 208.41
(c)  Other Intangible Asset 3 4.95 2.36
(d)  Financial Assets
  (i)  Loans & Advances 5 67.95 53.41
  (ii)  Other Assets 6 1,201.25 -
(e)  Other non-current assets 7 4.06 -
Total Non-current Asset 11,447.53 9,552.49
(2) Current assets
(a)  Inventories 8 5,745.37 3,464.38
(b)  Financial Assets
  (i)  Trade Receivables 9 5,821.52 5,117.14
  (ii)  Cash and Cash equivalents 10 725.05 848.58
  (iii)  Bank Balances other than (ii) above 11 83.28 75.51
  (iv)  Loans & Advances 5 4.61 2.08
  (v)  Other Financial Asset
  (vi)  Investments 4 4,069.28 3,409.88
(c) Other current assets 7 494.33 650.99
Total Current Asset 16,943.44 13,568.56
Total Assets 28,390.97 23,121.05
II. EQUITY AND LIABILITIES
(1) EQUITY
(a)  Equity Share capital 12 4,591.20 4,590.52
(b)  Other Equity 13 19,860.45 14,779.61
Total Equity 24,451.65 19,370.13
(2) Non-current liabilities
(a)  Financial Liabilities
  (i)  Borrowings 14 374.62 541.12
  (ii)  Other Financial Liabilities
(b)  Provisions 15 88.55 79.75
(c)  Deferred tax liabilities (Net) 16 470.76 389.76
(d)  Other Liabilities
Total Non-current Liabilities 933.93 1,010.63
(3) Current liabilities
(a)  Financial Liabilities
  (i)  Borrowings 14 166.50 166.50
  (ii)  Trade Payables 17
     (a)  Total outstanding dues of Micro & Small Enterprises 787.89 298.64
     (b)  Total O/S dues other than Micro & Small Enterprises 1,313.86 1,476.67
 (iii)  Other Financial Liabilities 18 345.94 491.72
(b)  Other current liabilities 19 317.03 151.73
(c)  Provisions 15 29.28 20.81
(d)  Current Tax Liabilities (Net) 20 44.89 134.21
Total Current Liabilities 3,005.39 2,740.28
Total Liabilities 3,939.32 3,750.91
Total Equity and Liabilities 28,390.97 23,121.05
Raghav Productivity Enhancers Ltd.
172
Annual Report 2025-26

--- page 165 ---
The accompanying notes form an integral part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
AS PER OUR REPORT OF EVEN DATE For and on behalf of the Board of Directors
Raghav Productivity Enhancers Ltd.
For A. Bafna & Co.
Chartered Accountants
Firm Reg. No. 003660C
Sd/- Sd/- Sd/-
CA Rajat Sharma Rajesh Kabra Sanjay Kabra
(Partner) (Managing Director) (Whole Time Director)
M. No. 428792 DIN:00935200 DIN:02552178
Sd/- Sd/-
Deepak Jaju Neha Rathi
Date : April 24, 2026 (CFO) (Company Secretary)
Place : Jaipur Pan No. : AIDPJ5564H Membership No:38807
Consolidated Statement of Profit & Loss
for the year ended on March 31, 2026
(` In Lakhs)
S. No. Particulars Note No. Year Ended
March 31, 2026
Year Ended
March 31, 2025
I. Revenue from operations 21 25,707.28 19,964.79
II. Other income 22 213.94 131.69
III. Total Revenue 25,921.22 20,096.48
IV. Expenses:
Cost of Materials Consumed 23 7,260.37 5,477.69
Purchases of Stock-in-Trade 24 513.38 215.21
Changes in inventories of Finished Goods, Work-in-Progress and Stock-in-Trade 25 (65.10) (32.65)
Employee Benefits Expense 26 884.18 736.95
Finance costs 27 72.01 87.36
Depreciation and amortization expense 28 700.86 645.32
Other expenses 29 9,592.61 8,195.80
Total expenses 18,958.33 15,325.68
V. Profit before exceptional items and tax 6,962.88 4,770.80
VI. Exceptional items -
VII. Profit before tax 6,962.88 4,770.80
VIII. Tax expense:
(1) Current tax 31 1,412.16 905.62
(2) Deferred tax & Earlier Year taxes 31 70.42 167.83
Total Tax Expenses 1,482.58 1,073.45
IX Profit/(Loss) for the period 5,480.30 3,697.36
Other Comprehensive Income
(a) (i)  Items that will not be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss 12.47 8.51
(ii)   Income tax relating to items that will not be reclassified subsequently to 
profit or loss
(3.11) (2.27)
(b) (i)  Items that will be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss - -
(ii)   Income tax relating to items that will be reclassified subsequently to 
profit or loss
- -
Total Other Comprehensive income 9.36 6.24
Total Comprehensive Income for the year 5,489.66 3,703.59
X. Earnings per equity share (Refer Note No. 5):
(1) Basic 32 11.94 8.05
(2) Diluted 32 11.94 8.05
173
Annual Report 2025-26
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 118STATUTORY REPORTS22CORPORATE OVERVIEW01

--- page 166 ---
Consolidated Cash Flow Statement
for the year ended on March 31, 2026
(` In Lakhs)
Particulars Year Ended
March 31, 2026
Year Ended
March 31, 2025
(A) Cash Flow from Operating Activities
(I) Net Profit before Tax & Extraordinary item 6,962.88 4,770.80
Add/Less :
Other Comprehensive Income 12.47 8.51
Provision for Employee Benefit 17.27 7.88
Provision for Expected Credit Loss 9.80 3.93
Depreciation and Amortisation Expenses 700.86 645.32
Interest Received (5.02) (3.35)
Loss/(Profit) on sale of Property,Plant and Equipments - 12.62
Gain on sale/Fair Value of Mutual Funds (203.07) (127.56)
Finance Costs 72.01 87.36
ESOP 30.20 55.51
Dividend Income
Operating Profit Before Working Capital Changes 7,597.39 5,461.02
(II) Adjustment For :
Decrease/(Increase) in Inventories (2,281.00) (706.42)
Decrease/(Increase) in Trade Receivables (714.18) (1,146.62)
Decrease/(Increase) in Loans & Advances (17.07) (0.89)
Decrease/(Increase) in Other Current Assets 220.23 328.08
Increase/(Decrease) in Trade Payables 326.44 488.87
Increase/(Decrease) in Other Current Liabilities 165.30 (13.03)
Increase/(Decrease) in Other Financial Liabilities (40.60) 266.54
Payment of Income Tax for Earlier Years - (28.70)
(2,340.88) (812.18)
Cash Generated from Operations 5,256.51 4,648.84
Income Tax Paid (1,556.46) (780.50)
Net Cash flow from Operating Activities (I + II) 3,700.04 3,868.33
(B) Cash Flow from Investing Activities -
Decrease/(Increase) in Other non current assets (4.07) 106.15
Decrease/(Increase) in Long Term Loan & Advances - (9.52)
Sale of Property,Plant and Equipments 1.66 8.05
Investment in Non Current Fixed Deposits (1,201.25) -
Purchase of Property, Plant and Equipment including CWIP and Intangible Assets (1,377.73) (1,326.61)
Interest Income 5.02 3.35
Investment in Fixed Deposits/Mutual funds (465.17) (1,867.74)
Increase/(Decrease) in Trade Payables for Capital Goods (105.18) 101.65
Cash used in Investing Activities (3,146.72) (2,984.67)
Raghav Productivity Enhancers Ltd.
174
Annual Report 2025-26

--- page 167 ---
The accompanying notes form an integral part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
AS PER OUR REPORT OF EVEN DATE For and on behalf of the Board of Directors
Raghav Productivity Enhancers Ltd.
For A. Bafna & Co.
Chartered Accountants
Firm Reg. No. 003660C
Sd/- Sd/- Sd/-
CA Rajat Sharma Rajesh Kabra Sanjay Kabra
(Partner) (Managing Director) (Whole Time Director)
M. No. 428792 DIN:00935200 DIN:02552178
Sd/- Sd/-
Deepak Jaju Neha Rathi
Date : April 24, 2026 (CFO) (Company Secretary)
Place : Jaipur Pan No. : AIDPJ5564H Membership No:38807
Consolidated Cash Flow Statement
for the year ended on March 31, 2026
(` In Lakhs)
Particulars Year Ended
March 31, 2026
Year Ended
March 31, 2025
(C) Cash Flow from Financing Activities
Proceeds from Issue of Share Capital & Share Premium 20.78 -
Increase/Repayment of Long term Borrowings (166.50) (166.50)
Finance Costs (72.01) (87.36)
Dividend paid (459.12) (206.57)
Net Cash used in Financing Activities (676.85) (460.43)
Net Increase in Cash & Cash Equivalents (A + B + C) (123.53) 423.23
Cash & Cash equivalent at the beginning of the year 848.58 425.34
Cash & Cash equivalent at the end of the year 725.05 848.58
175
Annual Report 2025-26
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 118STATUTORY REPORTS22CORPORATE OVERVIEW01

--- page 168 ---
Statement of Changes in Equity
for the year ended on March 31, 2026
A. Equity Share Capital 
(1) Current reporting period 
(` In Lakhs)
Balance at the beginning of the current 
reporting period-April 1, 2025
Changes in Equity Share Capital due to 
prior period errors
Restated balance at the beginning of the 
current reporting period
Changes in equity share capital 
during the current year
Balance at the end of current 
reporting period- 
March 31, 2026
4,590.52 - - 0.68 4,591.20
Board of Directors of the company in their meeting held on April 30, 2025 confirm allotment of 6760 shares @ face value of ` 10/- each to the specified employees under RPEL Employee Stock Option Scheme 
2018, the shares were listed on BSE Limited and National Stock Exchange w.e.f May 13, 2025. 
(2) Previous reporting period
(` In Lakhs)
Balance at the beginning of the 
previous reporting period-April 1, 2024
Changes in Equity Share Capital due to 
prior period errors
Restated balance at the beginning of the 
previous reporting period
Changes in equity share capital 
during the previous year
Balance at the end of 
previous reporting period-
March 31, 2025
2,295.26 - - 2,295.26 4,590.52
Note: During the financial year 24-25 the company has issued Bonus Equity Shares in the proportion of 1 (one) Bonus Equity Share of ` 10/- each for every 1 (one) existing fully paid-up Equity Share of ` 10/- 
each to the Equity Shareholders whose name was appearing in the Register of Members as on record date November 29, 2024.
B. Other Equity
(1) Current reporting period
(` In Lakhs)
Share 
application 
money 
pending 
allotment
Equity 
component of 
compounded 
financial 
instruments
Reserves and Surplus Money 
received 
against 
share 
warrants
Total
Capital 
Reserve
Securities 
Premium
Other 
Reserves 
(Specify 
Nature)
Share Based 
Payment 
Reserve
Retained 
earnings
Debt 
Instruments 
through Other 
Comprehensive 
Income
Equity 
Instruments 
through Other 
Comprehensive 
Income
Effective 
Portion of 
Cash Flow 
Hedges
Revaluation 
surplus
Exchange 
Differences 
on 
translating 
the financial 
statements 
of a foreign 
operation
Other items 
of other 
Comprehensive 
Income (specify 
nature)
Balance at the 
beginning of the current 
reporting period-April 
1, 2025
 -     -     -     942.16  -     66.51  13,750.31  -     -     -     -     -     20.63  -     14,779.61 
Changes in accountin 
g policy or prior period 
errors
 -     -     -     -     -    -  -     -     -     -     -     -     -     -     -   
Raghav Productivity Enhancers Ltd.
176
Annual Report 2025-26

--- page 169 ---
Statement of Changes in Equity
for the year ended on March 31, 2026
(` In Lakhs)
Share 
application 
money 
pending 
allotment
Equity 
component of 
compounded 
financial 
instruments
Reserves and Surplus Money 
received 
against 
share 
warrants
Total
Capital 
Reserve
Securities 
Premium
Other 
Reserves 
(Specify 
Nature)
Share Based 
Payment 
Reserve
Retained 
earnings
Debt 
Instruments 
through Other 
Comprehensive 
Income
Equity 
Instruments 
through Other 
Comprehensive 
Income
Effective 
Portion of 
Cash Flow 
Hedges
Revaluation 
surplus
Exchange 
Differences 
on 
translating 
the financial 
statements 
of a foreign 
operation
Other items 
of other 
Comprehensive 
Income (specify 
nature)
Restated balance at the 
beginning of the current 
reporting period
 -     -     -     -     -    -  -     -     -     -     -     -     -     -     -   
Total Comprehensive 
Income for the current 
year
 -     -     -     -     -    - -  -     -     -     -     -     9.36  -     9.36 
Capital Contribution 
from Parent
- - - - - - - - - - - - -  -   
Share Based Payment - - -  42.82 -  7.47 - - - - - - -  50.30 
Dividends  -     -     -     -     -    -  (459.12)  -     -     -     -     -     -     -     (459.12)
Profit for the Year  -     -     -     -     -    - 5,480.30  -     -     -     -     -     -     -    5,480.30
Bonus Issue  -     -    -  -    -  -     -     -     -     -     -     -     -     -   
Balance at the end of 
the current reporting 
period-March 31, 2026
 -    -    -    984.98  -    73.99 18,771.49  -    -    -    -    -    29.99  -   19,860.45
Board of Directors of the company in their meeting held on April 30, 2025 confirm allotment of 6760 shares @ face value of ` 10/- each to the specified employees under RPEL Employee Stock Option Scheme 
2018, the shares were listed on BSE Limited and National Stock Exchange w.e.f May 13, 2025.
177
Annual Report 2025-26
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 118STATUTORY REPORTS22CORPORATE OVERVIEW01

--- page 170 ---
Statement of Changes in Equity
for the year ended on March 31, 2026
(2) Previous reporting period
(` In Lakhs)
Share 
application 
money 
pending 
allotment
Equity 
component of 
compounded 
financial 
instruments
Reserves and Surplus Money 
received 
against 
share 
warrants
Total
Capital 
Reserve
Securities 
Premium
Other 
Reserves 
(Specify 
Nature)
Share Based 
Payment 
Reserve
Retained 
earnings
Debt 
Instruments 
through Other 
Comprehensive 
Income
Equity 
Instruments 
through Other 
Comprehensive 
Income
Effective 
Portion of 
Cash Flow 
Hedges
Revaluation 
surplus
Exchange 
Differences 
on 
translating 
the financial 
statements 
of a foreign 
operation
Other items 
of other 
Comprehensive 
Income (specify 
nature)
Balance at the beginning 
of the current reporting 
period-April 1, 2024
- - - 3,237.41 - 11.00 10,259.53 - - - - - 14.39 - 13,522.33
Changes in accountin 
g policy or prior period 
errors
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Restated balance at the 
beginning of the current 
reporting period
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Total Comprehensive 
Income for the current 
year
- - - - - - - - - - - - 6.24 - 6.24
Share Based Payment - - - - - 55.51 - - - - - - - - 55.51
Dividends - - - - - - (206.57) - - - - - - - (206.57)
Profit for the Year - - - - - - 3,697.35 - - - - - - - 3,697.35
Bonus Issue - - - (2,295.26) - - - - - - - - - - (2,295.26)
Balance at the end of the 
current reporting period-
March 31, 2025
- - - 942.15 - 66.51 13,750.31 - - - - - 20.63 - 14,779.61
Note: Remeasurment of defined benefit plans and fair value changes relating to own credit risk of financial liabilities designated at fair value through profit or loss shall be recognised as a part of retained earnings 
with separate disclosure of such items alongwith the relevant amounts in the Notes or shall be shown as a separate column under Reserves and Surplus
AS PER OUR REPORT OF EVEN DATE For and on behalf of the Board of Directors
Raghav Productivity Enhancers Ltd.
For A. Bafna & Co.
Chartered Accountants
Firm Reg. No. 003660C
Sd/- Sd/- Sd/-
CA Rajat Sharma Rajesh Kabra Sanjay Kabra
(Partner) (Managing Director) (Whole Time Director)
M. No. 428792 DIN:00935200 DIN:02552178
Sd/- Sd/-
Deepak Jaju Neha Rathi
Date : April 24, 2026 (CFO) (Company Secretary)
Place : Jaipur Pan No. : AIDPJ5564H Membership No:38807
Raghav Productivity Enhancers Ltd.
178
Annual Report 2025-26

--- page 171 ---
Notes to the Consolidated Ind AS Financial Statement
for the year ended March 31, 2026
1 Corporate Information
  Raghav Productivity Enhancers Limited (the company) is a Public 
limited company domiciled in India and incorporated under the 
provisions of the Companies Act, 1956. The company is engaged 
in manufacturing and trading of Ramming Mass and other 
Quartz related items.
  The Board of Directors approved the Financial Statements 
for the year ended March 31, 2026 and authorised for issue 
on April 24, 2026
2 Basis of Preparation
  These financial statements have been prepared in accordance with 
Indian Accounting Standards (referred to as "Ind AS") as prescribed 
under Section 133 of the Companies Act, 2013 ("the Act") read 
with Rule 3 of the Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules, 
2015 as amended from time to time.
  These financial statements have been prepared on the historical cost 
basis, except for certain financial instruments which are measured 
at fair values at the end of each reporting period as explained in 
the accounting policies below. Historical cost is generally based on 
the fair value of the consideration given in exchange for goods and 
services. Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an 
asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between 
market participants at the measurement date.
  Accounting policies have been consistently applied except where a 
newly issued accounting standard is initially adopted or a revision 
to an existing accounting standard requires a change in the 
accounting policy hitherto in use.
  The material accounting policy information related to preparation of 
the consolidated financial statements have been discussed in the 
respective notes.
3 Basis of Consolidation
 Subsidiary
  The consolidated financial statements incorporate the financial 
statements of the Company and its subsidary. subsidary are entities 
over which the Group has control. subsidary are consolidated on 
a line-by-line basis from the date the control is transferred to the 
Group. They are deconsolidated from the date that control ceases. 
The acquisition method of accounting is used to account for 
business combinations by the Group.
4 Functional and Presentation Currency
  The financial statements are prepared in Indian Rupees ("INR") 
which is the Company's presentation currency and the functional 
currency for its operations. All financial information presented in 
INR has been rounded to the nearest lacs with two decimal places 
unless stated otherwise.
5 Use of Estimates and judgments
  The preparation of the financial statements in conformity with 
Ind AS requires management to make estimates, judgments and 
assumptions. These estimates, judgments and assumptions affect 
the application of accounting policies and the reported amounts 
of assets and liabilities, the disclosures of contingent assets and 
liabilities at the date of the financial statements and reported 
amounts of revenues and expenses during the year.
  The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on 
an ongoing basis. Revisions to the accounting estimates are 
recognised in the period in which the estimate is revised and future 
periods affected.
  Material judgments and estimates relating to carrying value of assets 
and liabilities include useful lives of Property, plant and equipment, 
impairment of Property, plant and equipment, investments, 
provision for employee benefits and other provisions, recoverability 
of deferred tax assets, commitments and contingencies.
6  Classification of Assets and Liabilities as Current and Non 
Current
  All Assets and Liabilities have been classified as current or 
non-current as per the Company’s normal operating cycle and 
other criteria set out in the Schedule III to the Companies Act, 
2013. Based on the nature of product & activities of the Company 
and their realization in cash and cash equivalent, the Company 
has determined its operating cycle as 12 months for the purpose 
of current and non-current classification of assets and liabilities. 
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are classified as non-current 
assets and liabilities.
7 Material accounting policies
  The following are the material accounting policies adopted in 
the preparation of these financial statements. These policies 
have been consistently applied to all the years presented, unless 
otherwise stated.
  The Company uses the following critical accounting judgements, 
estimates and assumptions in preparation of its consolidated 
financial statements:
7.1 Recognition of Revenue and Expenditure
  Revenue from contracts with customers is recognized on transfer 
of control of promised goods or services to a customer at an 
amount that reflects the consideration to which the Company is 
expected to be entitled to in exchange for those goods or services.
  Revenue towards satisfaction of a performance obligation is 
measured at the amount of transaction price (net of variable 
consideration) allocated to that performance obligation.The 
179
Annual Report 2025-26
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 118STATUTORY REPORTS22CORPORATE OVERVIEW01


--- page 172 ---
Notes to the Consolidated Ind AS Financial Statement
for the year ended March 31, 2026
transaction price of goods sold and services rendered iss net 
of variable consideration on account of various discounts and 
schemes offered by the Company as part of the contract.This 
variable consideration is estimated based on the expected value 
of outflow. Revenue (net of variable consideration) is recognized 
only to the extent that it is highly probable that the amount will not 
be subject to significant reversal when uncertainty relating to its 
recognition is resolved.
 Sale of Goods
  Revenue from sale of products is recognized when the control on 
the goods have been transferred to the customer. The performance 
obligation in case of sale of product is satisfied at a point in time 
i.e., when the material is shipped to the customer or on delivery to 
the customer, as may be specified in the contract.
 Interest
  Interest income is recognized on a time proportion basis taking 
into account the amount outstanding and the effective interest rate 
method. Interest income is included under the head "Other Income" 
in statement of profit and loss.
 Export Incentive
  Revenue from export incentives are accounted for on export 
of goods if the entitlements can be estimated with reasonable 
assurance and condition precedent to claim are fulfilled.
 Expenses
  All expenses are charged in statement of profit and loss as and 
when they are incurred.
7.2 Property, Plant & Equipment
  Property, plant and equipment are stated at cost comprising of 
purchase price and any initial directly attributable cost of bringing 
the asset to its working condition for its intended use, less 
accumulated depreciation and impairment loss, if any.
  Depreciation is provided for property, plant and equipment on a 
straight line method so as to expenses the cost less residual value 
over their useful lives assets as prescribed in Schedule II of the 
Companies Act, 2013. The estimated useful lives and residual value 
are reviewed at the end of each reporting period, with the effect of 
any change in estimate accounted for on a prospective basis.
  Depreciation is not recorded on capital work-in progress until 
construction and installation is completed and the asset is 
for intended use.
7.3 Inventory
  Inventories consists of Raw Material, Work In Progress, Finished 
Goods, Stores & Spares and packing materials.
  Inventories are valued at the lower of cost or net realisable value. 
Cost is determined on weighted average basis.
  Raw materials, Stores & Spares & Packing material: Cost 
includes cost of purchase and other costs incurred in bringing 
the inventories to their present location and condition on the 
weighted average basis.
  Finished goods and work in progress: Cost includes cost of direct 
materials and labour and a proportion of manufacturing overheads 
based on the normal operating capacity on a weighted average 
basis. Cost of finished goods includes other costs incurred in 
bringing the inventories to their present location and condition.
  Net realisable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary 
course of business, less estimated costs of completion and the 
estimated costs necessary to make the sale.
7.4 Employee benefits
 a)  Short Term Employee Benefits
   All employee benefits payable wholly within twelve months of 
rendering the service are classified as short-term employee 
benefits. Benefits such as salaries, wages etc. and the 
expected cost of ex-gratia are recognised in the period in 
which the employee renders the related service. A liability is 
recognised for the amount expected to be paid when there is 
a present legal or constructive obligation to pay this amount 
as a result of past service provided by the employee and the 
obligation can be estimated reliably.
 b)  Defined Contribution Plan
   Contributions to defined contribution plans are recognised as 
expense when employees have rendered services entitling 
them to such benefits.
 c)  Defined Benefit Plan
   For defined benefit plans, the cost of providing benefits is 
determined using the Projected Unit Credit method, with 
actuarial valuations being carried out at each balance sheet 
date. Remeasurement, comprising actuarial gains and losses, 
the effect of the changes to the asset ceiling and the return 
on plan assets (excluding interest), is reflected immediately in 
the balance sheet with a charge or credit recognised in other 
comprehensive income in the period in which they occur. 
Past service cost, both vested and unvested, is recognised 
as an expense at the earlier of (a) when the plan amendment 
or curtailment occurs; and (b) when the entity recognises 
related restructuring costs or termination benefits.
   The retirement benefit obligations recognised in the balance 
sheet represents the present value of the defined benefit 
obligations reduced by the fair value of scheme assets. 
Any asset resulting from this calculation is limited to the 
present value of available refunds and reductions in future 
contributions to the scheme.
Raghav Productivity Enhancers Ltd.
180
Annual Report 2025-26

--- page 173 ---
Notes to the Consolidated Ind AS Financial Statement
for the year ended March 31, 2026
7.5 Employee Share based payments:
  Equity- settled share-based payments to employees are measured 
at the fair value of the employee stock options at the grant date 
using Black-Scholes model. The fair value determined at the grant 
date of the equity-settled share-based payments is amortized over 
the vesting period, based on the Company’s estimate of equity 
instruments that will eventually vest, with a corresponding increase 
in equity. At the end of each reporting period, the Company 
revises its estimate of the number of equity instruments expected 
to vest. The impact of the revision of the original estimates, if 
any, is recognized in the Statement of Profit and Loss such that 
the cumulative expense reflects the revised estimate, with a 
corresponding adjustment to the Share Based Payment Reserve.
7.6 Taxation
  Tax expense is the aggregate amount included in the determination of 
profit or loss for the period in respect of current tax and deferred tax.
 Current tax
  Current tax is the amount of income taxes payable in respect of 
taxable profit for a period. Taxable profit differs from ‘profit before 
tax’ as reported in the Statement of Profit and Loss because of 
items of income or expense that are taxable or deductible in other 
years and items that are never taxable or deductible under the 
Income Tax Act, 1961.
  Current tax is measured using tax rates that have been enacted 
by the end of reporting period for the amounts expected to be 
recovered from or paid to the taxation authorities.
 Deferred Tax
  Deferred tax is recognized on temporary differences between the 
carrying amounts of assets and liabilities in the financial statements 
and the corresponding tax bases used in the computation of taxable 
profit under Income tax Act, 1961.
  Deferred tax liabilities are generally recognized for all taxable 
temporary differences. However, in case of temporary differences 
that arise from initial recognition of assets or liabilities in a 
transaction (other than business combination) that affect neither 
the taxable profit nor the accounting profit, deferred tax liabilities 
are not recognized. Also, for temporary differences if any that may 
arise from initial recognition of goodwill, deferred tax liabilities are 
not recognized.
  Deferred tax assets are generally recognized for all deductible 
temporary differences to the extent it is probable that taxable 
profits will be available against which those deductible temporary 
difference can be utilized. In case of temporary differences that arise 
from initial recognition of assets or liabilities in a transaction (other 
than business combination) that affect neither the taxable profit nor 
the accounting profit, deferred tax assets are not recognized.
  The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at the end of 
each reporting period and reduced to the extent that it is no longer 
probable that sufficient taxable profits will be available to allow the 
benefits of part or all of such deferred tax assets to be utilized.
  Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates 
that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the balance 
sheet date and are expected to apply to taxable income in the 
years in which those temporary differences are expected to be 
recovered or settled.
 Presentation of current and deferred tax:
  Current and deferred tax are recognized as income or an expense in 
the Statement of Profit and Loss, except when they relate to items 
that are recognized in Other Comprehensive Income, in which case, 
the current and deferred tax income/expense are recognized in 
Other Comprehensive Income.
  The Company offsets current tax assets and current tax liabilities, 
where it has a legally enforceable right to set off the recognized 
amounts and where it intends either to settle on a net basis, or 
to realize the asset and settle the liability simultaneously. In case 
of deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities, the same are 
offset if the Company has a legally enforceable right to set off 
corresponding current tax assets against current tax liabilities and 
the deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities relate to income 
taxes levied by the same tax authority on the Company.
7.7 Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets
  Provisions are recognised when the Company has a present 
obligation (legal or constructive) as a result of a past event, it is 
probable that an outflow of resources embodying economic benefits 
will be required to settle the obligation and a reliable estimate can 
be made of the amount of the obligation.
  Contingent Liability is disclosed in case of a present obligation 
arising from past events, when it is not probable that an outflow 
of resources will be required to settle the obligation or where no 
reliable estimate is possible. Contingent liabilities are not recognised 
in financial statements but are disclosed in notes.
  Contingent asset is a possible asset that arises from past events 
and whose existence will be confirmed only by the occurrence or 
non-occurrence of one or more uncertain future events not wholly 
within the control of the entity. Contingent assets are not recognised 
in financial statements and are disclosed in notes when it is virtually 
certain that economic benefits will inflow to the Company.
7.8 Foreign Currency Transactions
  Transactions in foreign currency are recorded at exchange rates 
prevailing at the date of transactions. Exchange differences arising 
on foreign exchange transactions settled during the year are 
recognised in the statement of profit and loss of the year.
181
Annual Report 2025-26
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 118STATUTORY REPORTS22CORPORATE OVERVIEW01

--- page 174 ---
Notes to the Consolidated Ind AS Financial Statement
for the year ended March 31, 2026
  Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies 
which are outstanding, as at the reporting date are translated at the 
closing exchange rates and the resultant exchange differences are 
recognised in the statement of profit and loss.
  Non-monetary items that are measured in terms of historical cost 
in a foreign currency are recognised using the exchange rate at date 
of initial transactions, are not retranslated.
  In respect of forward contracts, the premium or discount on 
these contracts is recognized as income or expenditure over the 
period of the contract. Any profit or loss arising on the cancellation 
or the renewal of such contracts is recognized as income or 
expense for the year.
7.9 Impairment
 Non-financial assets
  The carrying amount of non- financial assets other than inventories 
are assessed at each reporting date to ascertain whether there is 
any indication of impairment. If any such indication exists then the 
asset's recoverable amount is estimated. An impairment loss is 
recognised as an expenses in the Statement of Profit and Loss, 
for the amount by which the asset's carrying amount exceeds its 
recoverable amount. The recoverable amount is the higher of an 
asset's fair value less cost to sell and value in use. Value in use 
is ascertained through discounting of estimated future cash flows 
using a discount rate that reflects the current market assessments 
of the time value of money and the risk specific to the assets. 
For the purpose of assessing impairment, assets are grouped at 
the lowest levels into cash generating units for which there are 
separately identifiable cash flows.
  An impairment loss is reversed if there has been a change 
in the estimates used to determine the recoverable amount. 
An impairment loss is reversed only to the extent that asset's 
carrying amount does not exceed the carrying amount that would 
have been determined, net of depreciation or amortisation, if no 
impairment had been recognised.
 Financial assets
  The Company assesses at each date of balance sheet whether a 
financial asset or a group of financial assets is impaired. Ind AS 
109 requires expected credit losses to be measured through a 
loss allowance. In determining the allowances for doubtful trade 
receivables, the Company has used a practical expedient by 
computing the expected credit loss allowance for trade receivables 
based on a provision matrix. The provision matrix takes into account 
historical credit loss experience and is adjusted for forward looking 
information. The expected credit loss allowance is based on the 
ageing of the receivables that are due and allowance rates used in 
the provision matrix.
7.10 Cash and Cash Equivalents
  For presentation in the Statement of Cash Flows, cash and cash 
equivalents includes cash on hand, other short-term, highly liquid 
investments with original maturities of three months or less that 
are readily convertible to known amounts of cash and which are 
subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value.
7.11 Borrowing Costs
  Borrowing costs directly attributable to the acquisition, 
construction or production of a qualifying asset that necessarily 
takes a substantial period of time to get ready for its intended 
use or sale are capitalized as part of the cost of the asset, until 
such time as the assets are substantially ready for the intended 
use or sale. Interest income earned on temporary investment of 
specific borrowings pending their expenditure on qualifying assets 
is deducted from the borrowing costs eligible for capitalisation. 
The borrowing costs other than attributable to qualifying assets are 
recognised in the profit or loss in the period in which they incurred.
7.12 Financial Instruments
  The company recognizes financial assets and financial liabilities 
when it becomes a party to the contractual provisions of the 
instrument. Financial assets and financial liabilities are initially 
measured at fair value. Transaction costs that are directly attributable 
to the acquisition or issue of financial assets and financial liabilities 
(other than financial assets and financial liabilities at fair value 
through profit or loss) are added to or deducted from the fair 
value of the financial asset or financial liabilities, as appropriate, 
on initial recognition. Transactions costs directly attributable to the 
acquisition of financial assets or financial liabilities at fair value 
through profit or loss are recognised immediately in Statement of 
Profit and loss.
 Financial assets
  All regular way purchases or sale of financial assets are recognised 
and derecognised on a trade date basis. Regular way purchases 
or sales are purchases or sale of financial assets that require 
delivery of assets within the time frame established by regulation or 
convention in the market place. All recognised financial assets are 
subsequently measured in their entirety at either amortized cost or 
fair value, depending on the classification of the financial assets.
 Classification of Financial Assets
 (i)  Financial assets carried at amortised cost
   A financial asset is subsequently measured at amortised cost 
if it is held within a business model whose objective is to hold 
the asset in order to collect contractual cash flows and the 
contractual terms of the financial asset give rise on specified 
dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and 
interest on the principal amount outstanding.
Raghav Productivity Enhancers Ltd.
182
Annual Report 2025-26

--- page 175 ---
Notes to the Consolidated Ind AS Financial Statement
for the year ended March 31, 2026
 (ii)  Financial assets at fair value through other 
comprehensive income
   A financial asset is subsequently measured at fair value 
through other comprehensive income if it is held within 
a business model whose objective is achieved by both 
collecting contractual cash flows and selling financial assets 
and the contractual terms of the financial asset give rise on 
specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of 
principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding.
 (iii)  Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss
   A financial asset which is not classified in any of the above 
categories is subsequently fair valued through profit or loss.
 (iv)  Financial liabilities
   Financial liabilities are subsequently carried at amortized cost 
using the effective interest rate method. For trade and other 
payables maturing within one year from the balance sheet 
date, the carrying amounts approximate fair value due to the 
short maturity of these instruments.
 (v)  Equity instrument
   An equity instrument is any contract that evidences a residual 
interest in the assets of the Company after deducting all of 
its liabilities. Equity instruments are recorded at the proceeds 
received, net of direct issue costs.
   Derecognition
   The company derecognizes a financial asset when the 
contractual rights to the cash flows from the financial asset 
expire or it transfers the financial asset and the transfer 
qualifies for derecognition under Ind AS 109. A financial 
liability (or a part of a financial liability) is derecognized from 
the company's balance sheet when the obligation specified in 
the contract is discharged or cancelled or expires.
   Offsetting of financial instruments
   Financial assets and financial liabilities are offset and the net 
amount is reported in the balance sheet if there is a currently 
enforceable legal right to offset the recognised amounts and 
there is an intention to settle on a net basis, to realise the 
assets and settle the liabilities simultaneously.
7.13 Segment Reporting
  Operating segments are reported in a manner consistent with the 
internal reporting provided to the chief operating decision maker. 
The company considers Ramming Mass as its single segment in 
which the company operates. The Company has also dealt in Some 
Other products but their volumes are nominal hence no reportable 
segments are there.
7.14  Fair Value Measurement
  The Company measures financial instruments at fair value at 
each balance sheet date. Fair value is the price that would be 
received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly 
transaction between market participants at the measurement 
date. The fair value of an asset or a liability is measured using 
the assumptions that market participants would use when pricing 
the asset or liability, assuming that market participants act in their 
economic best interest.
  All assets and liabilities for which fair value is measured or 
disclosed in the financial statements are categorised within the fair 
value hierarchy, described as follows, based on the lowest level 
input that is significant to the fair value measurement as a whole:
  Level 1 - Quoted (unadjusted) market prices in active markets for 
identical assets or liabilities
  Level 2 - Valuation techniques for which the lowest level input 
that is significant to the fair value measurement is directly or 
indirectly observable.
  Level 3 - Valuation techniques for which the lowest level input that 
is significant to the fair value measurement is unobservable.
7.15 Recent accounting pronouncements
  The Ministry of Corporate Affairs ("MCA") issues new 
standards and amendments to existing standards under 
the Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules from time to 
time. On May 9, 2025, the MCA issued amendments to Ind AS 
21 - The Effects of Changes in Foreign Exchange Rates, providing 
enhanced guidance on assessing currency exchangeability and 
determining the appropriate exchange rate when a currency is not 
readily exchangeable. Further, on August 13, 2025, the MCA notified 
the Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Second Amendment 
Rules, 2025, introducing revisions to multiple standards, including: 
•Ind AS 1: Clarifications on the classification of liabilities as current 
or non-current, including considerations relating to covenant 
compliance and the entity's right to defer settlement as at the 
reporting date. •Ind AS 7 and Ind AS 107: Additional disclosure 
requirements for supplier finance arrangements aimed at enhancing 
transparency regarding their effect on liabilities and cash flows. 
•Ind AS 12: A temporary exception from recognising deferred 
tax assets and liabilities arising from the OECD Pillar Two global 
minimum tax rules, together with related disclosure requirements.
  • Ind AS 101: Transitional relief for first-time adopters with 
respect to lease classification. These amendments are effective 
upon publication in the Official Gazette and will apply to 
annual reporting periods beginning on or after April 1, 2026. 
The Company has assessed the impact of these amendments on 
its financial statements and does not expect any material impact on 
account of the same.
183
Annual Report 2025-26
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 118STATUTORY REPORTS22CORPORATE OVERVIEW01

--- page 176 ---
Notes to the Consolidated Ind AS Financial Statement
for the year ended March 31, 2026
Note 3 :Property, Plant & Equipments
Following are the changes in the carrying value of property, plant and equipment for the year ended March 31,2026 (` In Lakhs)
Particulars Tangible Assets Capital 
Work in 
Progress
Intangible 
Assets
Grand 
TotalLand Building Plant & 
Machinery
Furniture & 
Fixtures
Computer Vehicles Mining 
Equipments/
Office 
Equipment
Electric 
Installation
Total Right of 
Use Assets
Total Tangible 
Assets + 
Right of Use
Gross Carrying value as at April 1, 2025  913.99  1,734.86  8,194.50  132.87  16.49  297.28  93.27  291.71  11,674.95  25.42  11,700.37  208.41  2.94  11,911.72 
Additions  6.79  360.09  630.98  8.36  4.65  141.88  5.85  -     1,158.60  -     1,158.60  1,132.29  3.75  2,294.64 
Deletions/Discarded  -     -     -     -     -     -     33.25  -     33.25  -     33.25  916.91  -     950.16 
Gross Carrying value as at March 31, 
2026
 920.78  2,094.95  8,825.48  141.23  21.13  439.16  65.87  291.70  12,800.30  25.42  12,825.72  423.78  6.69  13,256.19 
Accumulated depreciation as at April 1, 
2025
 -     280.07  1,745.34  66.56  9.17  176.05  63.27  46.20  2,386.65  25.42  2,412.07  -     0.58  2,412.65 
Depreciation  -     58.46  560.19  2.90  3.92  27.10  11.10  36.03  699.70  -     699.70  -     1.16  700.86 
Accumulated depreciation on deletions/
discarded
 -     -     -     -     -     -     31.59  -     31.59  -     31.59  -     -     31.59 
Accumulated depreciation as at March 
31, 2026
 -    338.53  2,305.52  69.46  13.09  203.15  42.78  82.23  3,054.76  25.42  3,080.18  -    1.74  3,081.92 
Net Carrying Value as at March 31, 2026  920.78  1,756.42  6,519.96  71.77  8.04  236.01  23.09  209.47  9,745.54 -  9,745.54  423.78  4.95  10,174.27 
Net Carrying Value as at March 31, 2025  913.99  1,454.79  6,449.16  66.30  7.32  121.23  30.00  245.51  9,288.31 -  9,288.31  208.41  2.36  9,499.07 
Following are the changes in the carrying value of property, plant and equipment for the year ended March 31,2025 (` In Lakhs)
Particulars Tangible Assets Capital 
Work in 
Progress
Intangible 
Assets
Grand 
TotalLand Building Plant & 
Machinery
Furniture & 
Fixtures
Computer Vehicles Mining 
Equipments/ 
Office 
Equipment
Electric 
Installation
Total Right of 
Use Assets
Total Tangible 
Assets + 
Right of Use
Gross Carrying value as at April 1, 2024  913.99  1,734.86  7,108.24  125.81  21.98  297.28  97.53  292.66  10,592.35  25.42  10,617.75  33.60  0.43  10,651.77 
Additions  -     -     1,118.18  7.06  7.04  -     11.90  5.11  1,149.29 -  1,149.29  1,267.22  2.52  2,419.02 
Deletions/Discarded  -     -     31.92  -     12.53  -     16.16  6.06  66.67 -  66.67  1,092.41  -     1,159.08 
Gross Carrying value as at March 31, 
2025
 913.99  1,734.86  8,194.50  132.87  16.49  297.28  93.27  291.71  11,674.97  25.42  11,700.40  208.41  2.94  11,911.71 
Accumulated depreciation as at April 1, 
2024
 -     225.77  1,252.74  54.38  17.98  153.50  63.68  19.61  1,787.67  25.42  1,813.09  -     0.25  1,813.33 
Depreciation  -     54.30  513.50  12.18  3.08  22.55  12.79  26.59  644.99 -  644.99 -  0.33  645.32 
Accumulated depreciation on deletions/
discarded
 -     -     20.90  -     11.89  -     13.21  -     46.00 -  46.00 - -  46.00 
Accumulated depreciation as at March 
31, 2025
 -    280.07  1,745.34  66.56  9.17  176.05  63.27  46.20  2,386.66  25.42  2,412.08  -    0.58  2,412.65 
Net Carrying Value as at March 31, 2025  913.99  1,454.79  6,449.16  66.31  7.32  121.23  30.00  245.51  9,288.32 -  9,288.31  208.41  2.36  9,499.06 
Net Carrying Value as at March 31, 2024  913.99  1,509.09  5,855.50  71.43  4.00  143.78  33.85  273.04  8,804.68 -  8,804.66  33.60  0.17  8,838.44 
Raghav Productivity Enhancers Ltd.
184
Annual Report 2025-26

--- page 177 ---
Notes to the Consolidated Ind AS Financial Statement
for the year ended March 31, 2026
Note-3.1
Title deeds of Immovable Property not held in name of the Company
Relevant line intem in Balance Sheet Description 
of item of 
property
Gross 
Carrying 
Value
Title deeds held in the 
name of
Whether title deed holder is a 
promoter,director or relative of 
promoter/director or employee 
of promoter/director
Property held 
since which date
Reasons for not being 
held in the name of the 
company*
PPE
Nil
Investment property
PPE retired from active use and held for disposal
Others
*also indicate if in dispute
Capital-Work-in Progress (CWIP) ageing schedule          
(` In Lakhs)
CWIP FY 25-26 FY 24-25
Amount in CWIP for a period of Total Amount in CWIP for a period of Total
Less than 1 
year
1-2 years 2-3 years More than  
3 years
Less than 1 
year
1-2 years 2-3 years More than 3 
years
Projects in progress  423.78 - - - 423.78  208.41 - - - 208.41
Projects temporarily suspended - - - - - - - - - -
*Total shall tally with CWIP amount in the balance sheet.
(` In Lakhs)
CWIP FY 25-26 FY 24-25
To be completed in To be completed in
Less than  
1 year
1-2 years 2-3 years More than  
3 years
Less than  
1 year
1-2 years 2-3 years More than  
3 years
Project 1 423.78 - - - 208.41 - - -
Project 2 - - - - - - - -
185
Annual Report 2025-26
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 118STATUTORY REPORTS22CORPORATE OVERVIEW01

--- page 178 ---
Notes to the Consolidated Ind AS Financial Statement
for the year ended March 31, 2026
Note-4  Financial Asset : Investments
(` In Lakhs)
Particulars Long Term Short Term
March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025 March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
I.  Investment in Equity Instruments
 (i)  Quoted - - - -
     Investments in Equity Oriented Mutual 
Funds
- -  1,166.00 -
 (ii)  Unquoted  -     -    - -
II.  Other Investments - - - -
 Investments in Debt oriented Mutual Funds  -     -    2,903.28 3,409.88
Total  -    -   4,069.28 3,409.88
Note -4.1  - Details of Mutual Funds
(` In Lakhs)
Name of the Fund FY 2025-26
Units NAV Investment Value Fair Value as on  
31 Mar 2026
ICICI Prudential Equity Savings Fund-Growth 41,03,003.65 22.62 949.95 928.10
MIRAE Asset Equity Savings Fund Regular -Growth 11,89,850.07 19.99 249.99 237.90
SBI Dynamic Bond Fund-Growth 6,21,598.52 36.48 199.99 226.73
Bandhan Low Duration Fund Regular-Growth 29,40,397.49 40.17 1,116.55 1,181.20
ICICI Prudential Savings Fund-Growth 2,18,179.51 569.02 1,212.47 1,241.49
Bandhan Ultra Short Duration Fund Regular-Growth 15,98,000.91 15.89 245.26 253.87
Total 3,974.21 4,069.28
(` In Lakhs)
Name of the Fund FY 2024-25
Units NAV Investment Value Fair Value as on 31 
Mar 2026
SBI Dynamic Bond 6,21,598.52 35.13 199.99 218.35
Bandhan Low Duration Fund 14,68,776.62 37.82 541.57 555.43
Bandhan Ultra Short Term Fund Regular Plan Growth 68,34,011.89 14.94 1,007.72 1,021.06
ICICI Prudential Savings Fund Growth 2,81,321.89 532.51 1,479.90 1,498.06
ICICI Prudential Constant Maturity Gilt Fund Growth 4,84,143.85 24.16 105.84 116.98
Total 3,335.02 3,409.88
Note-5 Financial Asset :Loans & Advances    
(` In Lakhs)
Particular Long Term Short Term
March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025 March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Security Deposit  67.95  53.41  -     1.00 
Advance for Salary  -     -    4.61  1.08 
Total  67.95  53.41  4.61  2.08 
Raghav Productivity Enhancers Ltd.
186
Annual Report 2025-26

--- page 179 ---
Notes to the Consolidated Ind AS Financial Statement
for the year ended March 31, 2026
Note-6 Other Financial Assets
(` In Lakhs)
Particular Long Term Short Term
March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025 March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Fixed Deposits  1,201.25  -    - -
Total  1,201.25  -    -    -   
Note-7 Other Assets
(` In Lakhs)
Particular Long Term Short Term
March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025 March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Advance to Vendors/Others  4.06  -     155.14  93.82 
GST Refundable  -     -     79.10  329.46 
Income Tax / TDS & TCS  Receivable  -     -     76.09  33.72 
Input Tax Credit (Net)  -     -     109.84  92.45 
Prepaid expenses  -     -     27.75  31.62 
Other Export Incentives  -     -     44.41  67.93 
Asset held for sale  -     -     2.00  2.00 
Total  4.06  -    494.33  650.99 
Note-8 Inventories
(` In Lakhs)
Particular March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Raw materials  4,382.08  2,396.34 
Work-in-progress;  62.28  111.25 
Finished goods;  83.81  51.44 
Scrap  48.01  20.39 
Stock in Trade  57.23  3.15 
Consumables, Stores and spares;  721.79  641.82 
Packing Material  390.17  239.98 
Total  5,745.37  3,464.38 
Note - 8.1 Particulars of Inventory
(` In Lakhs)
March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Raw Materials
Quartz Stone & Masonery Stone  1,437.74  1,044.79 
Boric Acid & Boron Oxide  2,926.90  1,324.19 
Others  17.45  27.36 
Finished Goods
Ramming Mass  83.81  51.44 
187
Annual Report 2025-26
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 118STATUTORY REPORTS22CORPORATE OVERVIEW01

--- page 180 ---
Notes to the Consolidated Ind AS Financial Statement
for the year ended March 31, 2026
Note-9 Trade Receivable
Trade Receivables ageing schedule (25-26)
(` In Lakhs)
Particulars Not Due Outstanding for following periods from due date of payment Total
Less than 6 
months
6 months - 
1 year
1-2 years 2-3 years More than 
3 years
(i)   Undisputed Trade receivables — considered 
good
4,084.65 1,420.73 76.72 127.94 53.03 79.78 5,842.85
(ii)   Undisputed Trade Receivables — which have 
significant increase in credit risk
- - - - - - -
(iii)   Undisputed Trade Receivables — credit 
impaired
- - - - - - -
(iv)   Disputed Trade Receivables— considered good - - - - - - -
(v)   Disputed Trade Receivables — which have 
significant increase in credit risk
- - - - - 7.43 7.43
(vi)   Disputed Trade Receivables — credit impaired - - - - - - -
4,084.65 1,420.73 76.72 127.94 53.03 87.21 5,850.28
Less-Allowance for Expected Credit Loss 28.77
Total Trade Receivables 5,821.52
Trade Receivables ageing schedule (24-25)
(` In Lakhs)
Particulars Not Due Outstanding for following periods from due date of payment Total
Less than 6 
months
6 months - 
1 year
1-2 years 2-3 years More than 
3 years
(i)   Undisputed Trade receivables — considered 
good
4,527.48 357.08 70.58 89.74 33.91 49.89 5,128.68
(ii)   Undisputed Trade Receivables — which have 
significant increase in credit risk
- - - - - - -
(iii)   Undisputed Trade Receivables — credit 
impaired
- - - - - - -
(iv)   Disputed Trade Receivables— considered good - - - - 3.67 3.76 7.43
(v)   Disputed Trade Receivables — which have 
significant increase in credit risk
- - - - - - -
(vi)   Disputed Trade Receivables — credit impaired - - - - - - -
4,527.48 357.08 70.58 89.74 37.58 53.65 5,136.11
Less-Allowance for Expected Credit Loss 18.97
Total Trade Receivables 5,117.14
# similar information shall be given where no due date of payment is specified in that case disclosure shall be from the date of the transaction. Unbilled dues shall be 
disclosed separately.
Note-10 Cash & Cash Equivalents
(` In Lakhs)
Particulars March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Cash and Cash Equivalents
Balances with banks and Debit Balance of CC  716.31  843.63 
Cash on Hand  8.75  4.95 
Total  725.05  848.58 
Raghav Productivity Enhancers Ltd.
188
Annual Report 2025-26

--- page 181 ---
Notes to the Consolidated Ind AS Financial Statement
for the year ended March 31, 2026
Note-11 Other Bank Balances  
(` In Lakhs)
Particulars March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Other Bank Balances 1.92 2.99
Fixed Deposits  81.36 72.52
Total  83.28  75.51 
Note-12 Equity Share Capital     
(` In Lakhs)
Particular March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Authorised
5,00,00,000 Equity shares Face Value of Rs.10/- each                   5,000.00 5,000.00
(PY 5,00,00,000 Equity shares Face Value of ` 10/-) - -
Issued, Subscribed & Paid-up
4,59,11,960 Equity Shares Face Value of RS 10/- 4,591.20 4,590.52
(PY -4,59,05,200 Equity  Shares Face Value of RS 10/-) - -
Total 4,591.20 4,590.52
Note 12.1 Reconciliation of the shares outstanding at the beginning and at the end of the reporting period     
(` In Lakhs)
Equity Shares March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Number Amount in ` Lacs Number Amount in ` Lacs
At the beginning of the period 4,59,05,200 4,590.52 2,29,52,600 2,295.26
Issued during the period (Bonus Issue) - - 2,29,52,600 2,295.26
Issued during the period (ESOP Issue) 6,760 0.68 - -
Outstanding at the end of the period 4,59,11,960 4,591.20 4,59,05,200 4,590.52
Board of Directors of the company in their meeting held on April 30, 2025 confirm allotment of 6760 shares @ face value of ` 10/- each to the specified 
employees under RPEL Employee Stock Option Scheme 2018, the shares were listed on BSE Limited and National Stock Exchange w.e.f May 13, 2025.
The company has only one class of Equity shares having a par value of Rs.10 per share. Each holder of equity shares is entitled to one vote per share 
and during the financial year 24-25 the company has issued Bonus Equity Shares in the proportion of 1 (one) Bonus Equity Share of ` 10/- each for 
every 1 (one) existing fully paid-up Equity Share of ` 10/- each to the Equity Shareholders whose name was appearing in the Register of Members as 
on record date November 29, 2024.
Note 12.2 Terms/ Rights attached to Equity Shares
In the event of liquidation of company, the holders of equity shares will be entitled to receive remaining assets of the Company, after distribution of all 
preferential amounts. The distribution will be in proportion to the number of equity shares held by the shareholders.     
189
Annual Report 2025-26
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 118STATUTORY REPORTS22CORPORATE OVERVIEW01

--- page 182 ---
Notes to the Consolidated Ind AS Financial Statement
for the year ended March 31, 2026
Note 12.3 Disclosure of changes in Shareholding of Promoters
(` In Lakhs)
Shareholder March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Number % Holding % change 
during the year
Number % Holding % change 
during the year
Promoters and Promoter Group
Rajesh Kabra 98,45,304.00 21.44% 0.00% 98,45,304.00 21.44% 0.00%
Sanjay Kabra 53,95,704.00 11.75% 0.00% 53,95,704.00 11.75% 0.00%
Rashmi Kabra 42,22,000.00 9.20% 0.00% 42,22,000.00 9.20% 0.00%
Savita Kabra 59,78,000.00 13.02% 0.00% 59,78,000.00 13.02% 0.00%
Rajesh Kabra Huf 9,80,000.00 2.13% 0.00% 9,80,000.00 2.13% 0.00%
Sanjay Kabra Huf 22,73,600.00 4.95% 0.00% 22,73,600.00 4.95% 0.00%
Priyanka Biyani Rathi 1,88,000.00 0.41% 0.00% 1,88,000.00 0.41% 0.00%
Note 12.4 Shareholders holding more than 5% share capital     
(` In Lakhs)
Shareholders March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Number % Holding Number % Holding
Rajesh Kabra 98,45,304.00 21.44% 98,45,304.00 21.44%
Sanjay Kabra 53,95,704.00 11.75% 53,95,704.00 11.75%
Rashmi Kabra 42,22,000.00 9.20% 42,22,000.00 9.20%
Savita Kabra 59,78,000.00 13.02% 59,78,000.00 13.02%
Raghav Productivity Enhancers Ltd.
190
Annual Report 2025-26

--- page 183 ---
Notes to the Consolidated Ind AS Financial Statement
for the year ended March 31, 2026
Note-13 Other Equity
A. Other Equity
(1) Current reporting period
(` In Lakhs)
Share 
application 
money 
pending 
allotment
Equity 
component of 
compounded 
financial 
instruments
Reserves and Surplus Other items 
of other 
Comprehensive 
Income (specify 
nature)-
Remeasurement 
of net defined 
benefit Plans
Money 
received 
against 
share 
warrants
Total
Capital 
Reserve
Securities 
Premium
Other 
Reserves 
(Specify 
Nature)
Share 
Based 
Payment 
Reserve
Retained 
earnings
Debt 
Instruments 
through Other 
Comprehensive 
Income
Effective 
Portion of 
Cash Flow 
Hedges
Revaluation 
surplus
Exchange 
Differences on 
translating the 
financial statements 
of a foreign 
operation
Balance at the beginning of the current 
reporting period- April 1, 2025
 -    -    -    942.16  -    66.51  13,750.31  -    -    -    -    20.63  -    14,779.61 
Changes in accountin g policy or prior 
period errors
 -     -     -     -     -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -   
Restated balance at the beginning of the 
current reporting period
 -     -     -     -     -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -   
Total Comprehensive Income for the current 
year
 -     -     -     -     -    -    -    -    -    -    -    9.36  -    9.36 
Share Based Payment  -     -     -     42.82  -     7.47  -    -    -    -    -    -    -    50.30 
Dividends  -     -     -     -     -    -   (459.12)  -    -    -    -    -    -   (459.12)
Transfer to retained earnings  -     -     -     -     -    -   5,480.30  -    -    -    -    -    -   5,480.30
Any other change (to be specified)-ISSUE 
OF CCD
 -     -     -     -     -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -   -
Balance at the end of the current 
reporting period-March 31, 2026
- - -  942.16 - 73.99 18,771.49 - - - -  29.98 -  19,860.46 
191
Annual Report 2025-26
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 118STATUTORY REPORTS22CORPORATE OVERVIEW01

--- page 184 ---
Notes to the Consolidated Ind AS Financial Statement
for the year ended March 31, 2026
(2) Previous reporting period
(` In Lakhs)
Share 
application 
money 
pending 
allotment
Equity 
component of 
compounded 
financial 
instruments
Reserves and Surplus Other items of other 
Comprehensive 
Income (specify 
nature)-
Remeasurement of 
net defined benefit 
Plans
Money 
received 
against 
share 
warrants
Total
Capital 
Reserve
Securities 
Premium
Other 
Reserves 
(Specify 
Nature)
Share 
Based 
Payment 
Reserve
Retained 
earnings
Debt Instruments 
through Other 
Comprehensive 
Income
Effective 
Portion of 
Cash Flow 
Hedges
Revaluation 
surplus
Exchange 
Differences 
on translating 
the financial 
statements 
of a foreign 
operation
Balance at the beginning of the current 
reporting period-April 1, 2024
 -     -     -     3,237.40  -     11.00  10,259.53  -     -     -     -     14.39  -     13,522.35 
Changes in accountin g policy or prior 
period errors
 -     -     -     -     -     -     -     -     -     -     -     -     -     -    
Restated balance at the beginning of the 
current reporting period
 -     -     -     -     -     -     -     -     -     -     -     -     -     -    
Total Comprehensive Income for the 
current year
 -     -     -     -     -     -     -     -     -     -     -     6.24  -     6.24 
Share Based Payment  -     -     -     -     -     55.51  -     -     -     -     -     -     -     55.51 
Dividends  -     -     -     -     -     -     (206.57)  -     -     -     -     -     -     (206.57)
Transfer to retained earnings  -     -     -     -     -     -     3,697.35  -     -     -     -     -     -     3,697.35 
Any other change (to be specified)-Right 
Issue
 -     -     -     (2,295.26)  -     -     -     -     -     -     -     -     -     (2,295.26)
Balance at the end of the current reporting 
period-March 31, 2025
 -     -     -     942.15  -     66.51  13,750.31  -     -     -     -     20.63  -     14,779.62 
Security Premium Account: The Security Premium Account is created on issue of share at premium.
Retained Earnings: It represents the surplus amount available in profit and loss as retained earnings. The reserve can be distributed/ utilised by the company in accordance with the Companies Act,2013
Other Comprehensive Income: It represent the actuarial gain or loss arising from the measurement of defined benefit obligation and fair value measurement of investments.
Raghav Productivity Enhancers Ltd.
192
Annual Report 2025-26

--- page 185 ---
Notes to the Consolidated Ind AS Financial Statement
for the year ended March 31, 2026
Note-14 Long Term Borrowings
(` In Lakhs)
Particular Non Current Portion Current Portion
March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025 March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
LOANS - UNSECURED
(i)  Term Loans 374.62 541.12 166.50 166.50
Total 374.62 541.12 166.50 166.50
The above amount includes
Secured borrowings 374.62 541.12 166.50 166.50
Unsecured Borrowings - - - -
Total 374.62 541.12 166.50 166.50
Note 14.1 - The Above term loan taken from ICICI Bank is secured by Exclusive charge in the favour of the bank by the way of hypothecation of the 
company's property located at Khasra No. 752,754,732,731, Gram - Alaibad, Palei, Newai, Tonk, Rajasthan, India-304021 both present and in future 
in a form and manner satisfactory to the bank and by personal guarantee of Rajesh Kabra, Sanjay Kabra, Savita Kabra and Rashmi Kabra and the same 
is repayable in 72 monthly Instalments and carries interest @Repo rate+2.5%
Note-15 Provisions
(` In Lakhs)
Particular Long Term Short Term
March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025 March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
(a)  Provision for Employees Benefit
  (i)  Gratuity 88.54 79.75 6.33 5.62
  (ii)  Bonus - - 22.96 15.19
Total 88.55 79.75 29.28 20.81
Note-16 Deferred Tax Assets/Liability (Net)
(` In Lakhs)
Particular March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Deferred Tax Liabilities 470.76 389.76
Total 470.76 389.76
Note-16.1 Deferred Tax Liability (Net)
(` In Lakhs)
Particular March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Deferred Tax Liability
On account of timing difference in
  Property, plant and equipment 552.76 480.18
Gain on fair valuation of Mutual Funds 23.93 15.87
Other Comprehensive Income 6.22 -
Gross deferred tax liabilities 582.91 496.05
193
Annual Report 2025-26
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 118STATUTORY REPORTS22CORPORATE OVERVIEW01

--- page 186 ---
Notes to the Consolidated Ind AS Financial Statement
for the year ended March 31, 2026
(` In Lakhs)
Particular March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Deferred Tax Assets
On account of timing difference in
  Employee benefits: (30.55) (25.31)
     Welfare scheme costs and others
     Asset held for sale -
Defined benefit plans provisions-OCI 3.12
Expenses Allowable in Future (74.62) (79.32)
  Provision for Expected Credit Loss (6.98) (4.78)
Gross deferred tax assets (112.15) (106.29)
Net Deferred Tax liabilities 470.76 389.76
Note-17 Trade Payable
For the period ending March 31, 2026
(` In Lakhs)
Particulars Not Due Outstanding for following periods from due date of payment Total
Less than 1 
year
1-2 years 2-3 years More than 3 
years
(i)  Micro & Small Enterprises 784.54 - - - - 784.54
(ii)  Others 505.97 807.90 - - - 1,313.86
(iii)   Disputed Dues-Micro & 
Small Enterprises
- 3.36 - - - 3.36
(iv)  Disputed Dues-Others - - - - - -
Total 1,290.50 811.26 - - - 2,101.76
For the period ending March 31, 2025
(` In Lakhs)
Particulars Not Due Outstanding for following periods from due date of payment Total
Less than 1 
year
1-2 years 2-3 years More than 3 
years
(i)  MSME 298.64 - - - - 298.64
(ii)  Others 1,019.24 457.43 - - - 1,476.67
(iii)  Disputed Dues-MSME - - - - - -
(iv)  Disputed Dues-Others - - - - - -
 Total 1,317.88 457.43 - - - 1,775.31
Dues to Micro & Small Enterprises have been determined to the extend such parties have been identified on the basis of information collected by 
the management.
Note-17.1
The Company has the process of identification of suppliers registered under the “The Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises Development (‘MSMED’) 
Act, 2006” by obtaining confirmation from suppliers. Based on the information available with the Company, there are no overdues more than 45days, 
payable to the suppliers as defined under the ‘Micro, small and Medium Enterprises Development Act, 2006 as at March 31, 2026.
Raghav Productivity Enhancers Ltd.
194
Annual Report 2025-26

--- page 187 ---
Notes to the Consolidated Ind AS Financial Statement
for the year ended March 31, 2026
Based on the information available with the Company, the balance due to micro and small enterprises as defined under the MSMED Act, 2006 is as follows:
(` In Lakhs)
Particulars March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Dues Remaining Unpaid
The overdue Principle amount remaning unpaid to any supplier as at the end of the year  -     -    
Interest Due on the above amount  -     -    
The amount of interest paid by in terms of section 16 of the Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises 
Development Act 2006
- -
Amount of the Payment made to the supplier beyond the due date during  the year. - -
Amount of Interest due and payable for the Period of delay in making payment (Which have been 
paid but beyond the due date during the year) but without adding the interest specified under 
Micro Small and Medium Enterprise Development act 2006
- -
Amount of Interest accrued and remaining unpaid at the end of the year - -
Amount of further interest remaining due and payable even in succeeding years, until such date 
when the interest due as above are actual paid to the small enterprise
- -
Total  -    -   
Note-18 Financial Liability - Other 
(` In Lakhs)
Particular March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Trade Payable for Capital Goods  -     105.18 
Unclaimed Dividend  1.92  2.99 
Other Current Liabilities  344.02  383.55 
Total  345.94  491.72 
Note-19 Other Current Liabilities     
(` In Lakhs)
Particular March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Other Liabilities  73.56  28.99 
Statutory Liabilities  83.39  17.00 
Advances from Customers  160.08  105.74 
Total  317.03  151.73 
Note-20 Current Tax Liability (net)
(` In Lakhs)
Particular March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Provision for Income Tax (Net) 44.89 134.21
Total 44.89 134.21
Note-21 Revenue From Operation            
(` In Lakhs)
Particular March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Net Sales
  Export Sales (Including Deemed Exports)  9,014.23  9,278.21 
  Domestic Sales  16,411.10  10,468.58 
Other Operating Revenue  281.95  218.00 
Revenue from Operations  25,707.28  19,964.79 
195
Annual Report 2025-26
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 118STATUTORY REPORTS22CORPORATE OVERVIEW01

--- page 188 ---
Notes to the Consolidated Ind AS Financial Statement
for the year ended March 31, 2026
Note 21.1 Particulars of Products Sold
(` In Lakhs)
March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Ramming Mass and Related Products  24,918.69  19,388.27 
Trading Material  486.73  316.72 
Others  19.91  41.81 
Total  25,425.32  19,746.80 
Note-22 Other Income
(` In Lakhs)
Particular March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Interest Income  5.01  3.35 
Interest on Income Tax Refund  1.52  -    
Gain on sale of Mutual Funds  182.88  64.49 
Gain on Fair valuation of Mutual Funds  20.19  63.07 
Gain on sale of Property, Plant & Equipment  4.34 -
Miscellaneous Income  -     0.78 
Total  213.94  131.69 
Note-23 Cost of Materials Consumed            
Particular March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Raw Materials Consumed
Opening Stock  2,396.34  1,667.20 
Add: Purchases  9,246.11  6,206.83 
 11,642.45  7,874.03 
Less: Closing Stock  4,382.08  2,396.34 
Cost of Material Consumed  7,260.37  5,477.69 
Note 23.1 Particulars of Raw Materials Consumption            
(` In Lakhs)
Particular March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Quartz Stone & Masonery Stone 4,260.19 3,146.70
Boric Acid & Boron Oxide  2,986.73  2,280.89 
Others  13.45  50.10 
Total 7,260.37 5,477.69
Note-24 Purchase of Stock-in-Trade            
(` In Lakhs)
Particulars March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Ramming Mass & Others  513.38  215.21 
Total  513.38  215.21 
Raghav Productivity Enhancers Ltd.
196
Annual Report 2025-26

--- page 189 ---
Notes to the Consolidated Ind AS Financial Statement
for the year ended March 31, 2026
Note-25 Changes in inventories of Finished Goods, Work-in-Progress and Stock-in-Trade
(` In Lakhs)
Particular March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Opening Stock
Finished Goods  70.39  35.19 
Work in Progress  111.25  109.67 
Stock-in-Trade  4.59  8.73 
Total [I]  186.23  153.59 
Closing Stock
Finished Goods  131.82  70.39 
Work in Progress  62.28  111.25 
Stock-in-Trade  57.23  4.59 
Total [II]  251.33  186.24 
Change in inventories Total [I-II]  (65.10)  (32.65)
Note-26 Employee Benefits Expense 
(` In Lakhs)
Particular March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Salaries, Wages and Bonus  841.41  703.65 
Contribution to Provident and other funds  41.02  31.81 
Staff Welfare Expenses  1.75  1.49 
Total  884.18  736.95 
Note-27 Finance Cost
(` In Lakhs)
Particular March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Bank Charges  20.16  15.51 
Interest on Term Loan  51.85  71.85 
Total  72.01  87.36 
Note-28 Depreciation and Amortisation Expenses
(` In Lakhs)
Particular March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Depreciation on Tangible Assets  699.70  644.99 
Depreciation on Intangible Assets  1.16  0.33 
Total  700.86  645.32 
Note-29 Other Expenses
(` In Lakhs)
Particular March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Manufacturing Expenses
Consumables, Stores and Spares  611.47  420.29 
Power & Fuel Expenses  444.29  384.56 
Factory Expenses  10.48  6.99 
Material handling charges  238.74  178.28 
197
Annual Report 2025-26
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 118STATUTORY REPORTS22CORPORATE OVERVIEW01

--- page 190 ---
Notes to the Consolidated Ind AS Financial Statement
for the year ended March 31, 2026
(` In Lakhs)
Particular March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Repairs & Maintenance
  - Plant & Machineries  25.70  8.74 
  - Boundry Wall  1.18  -    
TOTAL [A]  1,331.86  998.86 
(` In Lakhs)
Administrative & Other Expenses March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Communication Expenses  3.21  2.95 
Conveyance Expenses  7.18  5.97 
Testing & Laboratory Expenses  1.02 -
Fees & Subscription  10.19  29.92 
Insurance Expenses  18.61  14.28 
Office Expenses  28.85  21.66 
Audit Fees  13.75  12.50 
Printing & Stationary  5.37  5.82 
Repairs & Maintenance (Others)  25.32  22.91 
Guard Security Expenses  38.77  30.01 
Electricity Exp. (Office)  2.84  2.98 
Bad Debts Written Off  3.22  14.60 
Rent Expenses  18.48  15.08 
GST Demand  -     0.73 
Legal, Professional & Consultancy  75.96  59.52 
Postage and Courier  2.69  4.83 
Charity & Donation  2.60  2.24 
CSR Activity Expenses  78.31  62.20 
Net Loss on Fixed Assets  -     12.62 
Interest on Income Tax  6.78  - 
Charges on Late payment of Custom duty  0.88  1.27 
Charges on Late TDS Return filing  1.10  0.19 
Exchange Rate Difference  5.49 -
TOTAL [B]  350.62  322.27 
(` In Lakhs)
Selling & Distribution Expenses March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Advertisement & Sales Promotion Expenses  10.47  39.70 
Commission Expenses  438.00  397.77 
Freight & Forwarding  5,555.90  4,806.72 
Agency Charges  628.21  651.50 
Loading Expense  60.61  49.76 
Packing Material & Charges  1,079.05  760.19 
Rebate & Shortage -  0.36 
Raghav Productivity Enhancers Ltd.
198
Annual Report 2025-26

--- page 191 ---
Notes to the Consolidated Ind AS Financial Statement
for the year ended March 31, 2026
(` In Lakhs)
Selling & Distribution Expenses March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Marketing & Travelling Expenses  75.62  91.87 
Sponsorship and Sales Promotion Expenses  52.48  72.87 
Expected Credit Loss  9.79  3.93 
TOTAL [C]  7,910.13  6,874.67 
GRAND TOTAL [A+B+C]  9,592.61  8,195.80 
Note-30 Payment to Statutory Auditor        
(` In Lakhs)
Particulars March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Statutory Audit & Tax Audit Fees  13.75  12.50 
Total  13.75  12.50 
Note-31 Income Tax Recognised in Statement of Profit or Loss
(` In Lakhs)
Particular March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Current Tax
In respect of Current year
Regular Tax  1,412.16  905.62 
In respect of earlier year - -
Total Current tax  1,412.16  905.62 
Deferred Tax and other taxes
In respect of current year origination and reversal of temporary differences  77.89  171.74 
Effect of change in expenses allowable - -
Effect of change in tax rate due to switch to new tax regime -  -    
In respect of earlier year taxes  (7.47)  (3.91)
Total Deferred Tax and other taxes  70.42  167.83 
A reconciliation of the income tax provision to the amount computed by applying the statutory income tax rate to the income before income taxes is 
summarized below:     
(` In Lakhs)
Particulars March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Profit before income taxes  6,962.88  4,770.80 
Effective tax rate in India 22.62% 22.00%
Computed expected tax  1,575.14  1,049.57 
Effect of Allowances for tax purpose  (383.55)  (224.96)
Effect of Allowances for PY Losses  -     (101.71)
Effect of Allowable expenditure in Income Tax not taken in books  174.55  161.49 
Others  46.03  21.23 
Current Tax recognised in Statement of Profit and Loss  1,412.16  905.62 
199
Annual Report 2025-26
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 118STATUTORY REPORTS22CORPORATE OVERVIEW01

--- page 192 ---
Notes to the Consolidated Ind AS Financial Statement
for the year ended March 31, 2026
The movement of deferred tax assets and liabilities during the year ended March 31, 2025
(` In Lakhs)
Particular As at April 1, 2025 Credit/ (Charge) in 
statement of Profit 
and Loss/BS
Credit / (Charge) in 
Other Comprehensive 
Income
As at  
March 31, 2026
Deferred Tax Assets/ (Liabilities)
Depreciation  480.18  72.58  -     552.76 
Employee Benefit  (22.19)  (5.24)  3.11  (24.32)
Expected Credit Loss  (4.78)  (2.20)  -     (6.98)
Gain on fair valuation of Mutual Funds  15.88  8.06  -     23.94 
Losses -  -     -     -    
DTA Impact on Effect of Eliminations  (79.32)  4.70  -     (74.62)
Total  389.76  77.89  3.11  470.75 
Note-32 Earning Per Share
(` In Lakhs)
Particulars March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Profit after tax  before OCI 5,480.30  3,697.35 
Weighted average no. of Equity Share Outstanding (including CCD)  459.11  459.05 
Nominal value of Ordinary share(INR)  10.00  10.00 
Basic & diluted earning per share in rupees  11.94  8.05 
Note-33 Employee Benefit
(A)  Defined Contribution Plan:-
  The Company operates defined contribution retirement benefit plans for all qualifying employees. Contributions are made to registered provident 
fund and Employee state insurance administered by the government. The obligation of the Company is limited to the amount contributed and it 
has no further contractual nor any constructive obligation.
(` In Lakhs)
Particulars March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Contribution to provident fund and other fund recognised in Statement of Profit and Loss  8.93  9.99 
(B)  Stock Options:-
 Disclosures As per Ind AS 102
  The Company has granted options on Jan 23, 2024 to management employees under Employees Stock Option Plan, 2024” (ESOP 2024) 
approved by the Board of Directors and Shareholders. The options granted under these schemes are equity settled. The details of the scheme are 
summarised below:
 Details of Options:-
(` In Lakhs)
Summary of ESOP
Particulars March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Options Wt. Avg. exercise price Options Wt. Avg. exercise price
Options outstanding at the beginning of the 
year
67,600 307.36 77,000 307.36
Options granted during the year - - - -
Options exercised during the year 6,760 307.36 - -
Raghav Productivity Enhancers Ltd.
200
Annual Report 2025-26

--- page 193 ---
Notes to the Consolidated Ind AS Financial Statement
for the year ended March 31, 2026
(` In Lakhs)
Summary of ESOP
Particulars March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Options Wt. Avg. exercise price Options Wt. Avg. exercise price
Options cancelled during the year - - 9,400 307
Options outstanding at the end of the year 60,840 307.36 67,600 307.36
Options exercisable at the end of the year 10,140 307.36 Nil NA
Range of exercise price of options outstanding 
at the end of the year
307.36 307.36
Average share price during the year 734.28 375.33
Weighted average remaining contractual life of 
options outstanding at the end of the year
3.82 Years 4.82 Years
Weighted average fair value of option as on 
date of grant (granted during the year)
No Grants during the year No Grants during the year
 Assumptions used in arriving at fair value of options are as under
(` In Lakhs)
Particulars March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
1) Risk-free interest rate 7.046% 7.046%
2) Expected Life 2.5 to 3.51 years 2.5 to 4.51 years
3) Expected Volatility* 59.89% 59.89%
4) Expected Dividend Yield 0.15% 0.15%
5) Price of the underlying share in market at the time of Options grants 361.60 361.60
  Board of Directors of the company in their meeting held on April 30, 2025 confirm allotment of 6760 shares @ face value of ` 10/- each to the 
specified employees under RPEL Employee Stock Option Scheme 2018, the shares were listed on BSE Limited and National Stock Exchange 
w.e.f May 13, 2025.
 (C)  Defined Benefit Plan:-
  Gratuity
  The company has defined benefit plan which provides for gratuity payment. The plan provides a lump sum gratuity payment to eligible employees 
at retirement or termination of their employment. The amounts are based on the respective employee's last drawn salary and the year of 
employment with the company.
  These plans typically expose the Company to actuarial risks such as: Investment, Interest rate, longevity and salary risk:
  A)  Actuarial Risk: It is the risk that benefits will cost more than expected. This can arise due to one of the following reasons:
     Adverse Salary Growth Experience: Salary hikes that are higher than the assumed salary escalation will result into an increase in obligation 
at a rate that is higher than expected.
     Variabilty in mortality rates : If actual mortality rates are higher than the assumed mortality rates asssumption than the Gratuity Benefits 
will be paid earlier than expected. Since there is no condition of vesting on the death benefit, the acceleration of cash flow will lead to an 
actuarial loss or gain depending on the relative values of the assumed salary growth and discount rate.
     Variabilty in withdrawal rates: If actual withdrawal rates are higher than assumed withdrawal rate assumption than the Gratuity Benfits will 
be paid earlier than expected.The impact of this will depend on whether the benefits are vested as at the resignation date.
  B)   Investment risk: For funded plans that rely on insurers for managing the assets,the value of assets certified by the insurer may not be 
fair value of instruments backing the liability. In such cases, the present value of the assets is independent of the future discount rate. 
201
Annual Report 2025-26
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 118STATUTORY REPORTS22CORPORATE OVERVIEW01

--- page 194 ---
Notes to the Consolidated Ind AS Financial Statement
for the year ended March 31, 2026
This can result in wide fluctuations in the net liability or the funded status if there are significant changes in the discount rate during the inter 
valuation period.
  C)   Liquidity risk: Employees with high salaries and long durations or those higher in hierarchy,accumulate significant level of benefits. If some 
of such employees resign/retire from the company there can be strain on the cashflows.
  D)   Market risk: Market risk is a collective term for risks that are related to the changes and fluctuations of the financial markets. One acturial 
assumption that has material effect is the discount rate. The discount rate reflects time value of money. An increase in discount rate leads 
to decrease in Defined Benefit Obligation of the plan benefits and vice-versa. This assumption depends on the yields on the corporate / 
government bonds and hence the valuation of the liability is exposed to fluctuations in the yields as at the valuation date.
  E)   Legislative risk: Legislative risk is the risk of increase in the plan laibilities or reduction in the plan assets due to change in legislation / 
regulation. The Government may amend the Payment of Gratuity Act thus requiring the companies to pay higher benefits to the employees. 
This will directly affect the present value of the Defined Benefit Obligation and the same will have to be recognised immediately in the year 
when any such amendement is effective.
   No other post-retirement benefits are provided to the employees.
   The actuarial valuation of the plan assets and the present value of the defined benefit obligation were carried out as at March 31, 2026 by a 
certified actuary of the Institute of Actuaries of India. The present value of the defined benefit obligation, and the related current service cost 
and past service cost, were measured using the projected unit credit method.
   Assumptions:
   The principal assumptions used for the purposes of the actuarial valuations are given below:
(` In Lakhs)
Particulars Gratuity
March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Discount Rate 7.16% 6.71%
Future Salary growth rate 8.00% 8.00%
Rate of Return on Plan Assets  Not Applicable Not Applicable
Mortality table used IALM 2012-14 IALM 2012-14
  Projected Benefit Obligation
(` In Lakhs)
Particulars Gratuity
March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Projected benefit Obligation at beginning of the year  85.37  74.72 
Transfer in/(out) obligation  -     -    
Interest Cost  5.59  5.20 
Current Service Cost  16.39  13.96 
Actuarial (Gain)/Loss  (12.47)  (8.51)
Benefits paid  -     -    
Projected benefit Obligation at end of the year  94.88  85.37 
Raghav Productivity Enhancers Ltd.
202
Annual Report 2025-26

--- page 195 ---
Notes to the Consolidated Ind AS Financial Statement
for the year ended March 31, 2026
  Amount recognised in the Balance Sheet:
(` In Lakhs)
Particulars Gratuity
March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Amount recognised in the Balance Sheet:
Projected benefit Obligation at end of the year  94.88  85.37 
Net (Asset)/Liability recognized in the Balance Sheet  94.88  85.37 
  Experience Adjustment
(` In Lakhs)
Particulars Gratuity
March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Present value of defined benefit obligation  94.88  85.37 
Fair Value of plan assets  -     -    
Balance Sheet (Liability)/ Asset  94.88  85.37 
P&L (Income)/ expenses  21.98  19.16 
Experience adjustment on plan liabilities (gain)/ loss  (12.47)  (8.51)
Experience adjustment on plan assets gain/ (loss)  -     -    
  Sensitivity analysis in respect of the actuarial assumptions used in calculation of defined benefit obligation are given below:
(` In Lakhs)
Particulars Gratuity
March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Discount rate  - 0.5% increase  91.17  81.93 
Discount rate  - 0.5% decrease  98.90  89.09 
Salary Growth rate - 0.5% increase  97.06  87.46 
Salary Growth rate - 0.5% decrease  92.66  83.38 
Withdrawal rate - 10% increase  95.14  85.57 
Withdrawal rate - 10% decrease  94.55  85.10 
Note-34 Capital Management      
The capital structure of the Company consists of net debt and total equity of the Company. The Company manages its capital to ensure that the 
Company will be able to continue as going concern while maximising the return to stakeholders through an optimum mix of debt and equity within the 
overall capital structure. The Company’s risk management committee reviews the capital structure of the Company considering the cost of capital and 
the risks associated with each class of capital.
203
Annual Report 2025-26
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 118STATUTORY REPORTS22CORPORATE OVERVIEW01

--- page 196 ---
Notes to the Consolidated Ind AS Financial Statement
for the year ended March 31, 2026
Note-35 Related Party Disclosures  
The Company has made the following transactions with related parties as defined under the provisions of Indian Accounting Standard-24 issued by the 
Institute of Chartered Accountants of India.
List of related parties with whom transcation have taken place during the year along with the nature and volume of transaction is given below from 
01.04.2025 to 31.03.2026.
Particulars
Key managerial persons & their associate concerns  Relation
Sanjay Kabra Whole Time Director of the Company
Rajesh Kabra Managing Director of the Company
Krishna Kabra Whole Time Director of the Company
Amar Lal Daultani Independent Director of the Company
Hemant Madhusudan Nerurkar Independent Director of the Company
Rajni Sekhri Sibal Independent Director of the Company
Govind Saboo Independent Director of the Company
Praveen Totla Independent Director of the Company
Raghav Kabra Director of the Subsidiary Company
Deepak Jaju CFO of the Company
Neha Rathi CS of the Company
Relatives of Directors Relation with Directors
Rashi Gupta Wife of the director   
Enterprises owned/controlled by directors & their relatives Relations with Directors   
Raghav Steels Director is Proprietor
CG Innovations Private Limited Owned by Director's Daughter
Prime Telelink Private limited Owned by Director
Transaction with key management persons
(` In Lakhs)
Nature of transaction March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Remuneration  248.28  193.37 
Sanjay Kabra  90.00  72.00 
Rajesh Kabra  90.00  72.00 
Raghav Kabra  54.00  36.00 
Deepak Jaju  8.07  7.92 
Neha Rathi  6.21  5.45 
Sitting Fees  7.75  7.00 
Rajni Sekhri Sibal  3.75  3.00 
Amar Lal Daultani  4.00  4.00 
Rent Paid  5.41  4.92 
Sanjay Kabra  2.71  2.46 
Rajesh Kabra  2.71  2.46 
Raghav Productivity Enhancers Ltd.
204
Annual Report 2025-26

--- page 197 ---
Notes to the Consolidated Ind AS Financial Statement
for the year ended March 31, 2026
Transaction with relatives
(` In Lakhs)
Nature of transaction March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Salary 13.00 7.50
Rashi Gupta  13.00  7.50 
Enterprises owned & controlled by the Directors and their relatives
(` In Lakhs)
Nature of transaction March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Rent Paid
Raghav Steels(Prop Sanjay Kabra) 10.63 9.66
10.63 9.66
(` In Lakhs)
Office expenses March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
CG Innovations Private Limited 0.40 11.93
0.40 11.93
Consumable Purchased March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Prime Telelink Private limited 1.02 0.30
1.02 0.30
Note-36 Contingent Liabilities, Pending Litigations  and Capital Commitments
1. Contingent Liabilities
(` In Lakhs)
Particulars March 31, 
2026
March 31, 
2025
Name of Statute Name of 
Statute
Nature of 
Dues
Period to which 
the amount is 
related
Forum where 
dispute is pending
Amount  
(` in Lakhs)
Amount  
(` in Lakhs)
Raghav Productivity Enhancers 
Limited (Holding)
Income Tax Income Tax AY 2017-18 Centralised 
Processing Centre
9.24 9.24
Raghav Productivity Enhancers 
Limited (Holding)
Income Tax TDS AY 2024-25 to AY 
2026-27
Traces Portal 8.10 0.20
Raghav Productivity Solutions Private 
Limited (Subsidiary)
Income Tax TDS AY 2026-27 & AY 
2025-26
Traces Portal 17.76 -
2. Pending Litigation-Nil
3. Capital Commitments- Nil
205
Annual Report 2025-26
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 118STATUTORY REPORTS22CORPORATE OVERVIEW01

--- page 198 ---
Notes to the Consolidated Ind AS Financial Statement
for the year ended March 31, 2026
Note 37: Fair Value Measurement
(` In Lakhs)
Particulars March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Amortised cost Carrying value Amortised cost Carrying value
Financial Assets
(i) Trade receivables 5,821.52 5,821.52 5,117.14 5,117.14
(ii) Loans & advances 72.56 72.56 55.49 55.49
(iii) Others 1,284.54 1,284.54 75.51 75.51
(iv) Cash & cash equivalents 725.05 725.05 848.58 848.58
Total 7,903.66 7,903.66 6,096.73 6,096.73
Financial Liabilities
(i) Borrowings 541.12 541.12 707.62 707.62
(ii) Trade payables 2,101.76 2,101.76 1,775.31 1,775.31
(iii) Other financial liabilities 345.94 345.94 491.72 491.72
Total 2,988.83 2,988.83 2,974.65 2,974.65
The Company maintains policies and procedures to value financial assets or financial liabilities using the best and most relevant data available. The fair 
values of the financial assets and liabilities are included at the amount that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly 
transaction between market participants at the measurement date.The following methods and assumptions were used to estimate the fair values:
1)   Fair value of cash and deposits, trade receivables, trade payables, and other current financial assets and liabilities approximate their carrying 
amounts largely due to the short-term maturities of these instruments.
2)   Long-term variable-rate borrowings are evaluated by the Company based on parameters such as interest rates, specific country risk factors, 
credit risk and other risk characteristics. Fair value of variable interest rate borrowings approximates their carrying values. Risk of other factors 
for the company is considered to be insignificant in valuation.
Note 38: Financial Risk Management
Financial risk management policy and objectives
The key objective of the Company’s financial risk  management is to ensure that it maintains a stable capital structure with the focus on total equity to 
uphold investor, creditor, and customer confidence and to ensure future development of its business. The Company is focused on maintaining a strong 
equity base to ensure independence, security, as well as financial flexibility for potential future borrowings, if required without impacting the risk profile 
of the Company.
Company’s principal financial liabilities, comprise Borrowings from Banks, trade and other payables. The main purpose of these financial liabilities is 
to finance Company's operations and plant expansion. Company’s principal financial assets include investments, trade and other receivables, deposits 
with banks and cash and cash equivalents, that derive directly from its operations.
Company is exposed to market risk, credit risk and liquidity risk.
The Company’s Board oversees the management of these risks. The Company’s Board is supported by senior management team that advises on 
financial risks and the appropriate financial risk governance framework for the Company. The senior management provides assurance to the Company’s 
Board that the Company’s financial risk activities are governed by appropriate policies and procedures and that financial risks are identified, measured 
and managed in accordance with the Company’s policies and risk objectives.
The Board of Directors reviews and agrees policies for managing each of these risks, which are summarised below.
Raghav Productivity Enhancers Ltd.
206
Annual Report 2025-26

--- page 199 ---
Notes to the Consolidated Ind AS Financial Statement
for the year ended March 31, 2026
i)  Market risk
  Market risk is the risk that the fair value of future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate because of changes in market prices. 
Market risk comprises three types of risk interest rate risk, currency risk and price risk. Financial instruments affected by market risk include 
investments in equity shares, security deposits, trade and other receivables, deposits with banks and financial liabilities.
  The sensitivity analysis in the following sections relate to the position as at March 31, 2026 and March 31, 2025. The sensitivity of the relevant 
income statement item is the effect of the assumed changes in respective market risks. 
 a)  Foreign currency risk
     Foreign currency risk is the risk that fair value or future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate because of changes in foreign 
exchange rate. The company is exposed to foreign exchange risk arising from foreign currency transactions primarily to EURO & USD.
     Foreign currency sensitivity
     The following tables demonstrate the sensitivity to a reasonably possible change by 5% in USD exchange rates, with all other 
variables held constant.
(` In Lakhs)
Financial Exposure March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Financial liabilities:
USD Converted in Rupees - -
Net exposure - -
  Sensitivity Analysis
(` In Lakhs)
Currency Amount in INR 5% increase 5% decrease
March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025 March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025 March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
USD Converted in Rupees - - - - - -
 b)  Interest rate risk
    Interest rate risk is the risk that changes in market interest rates will lead to change in interest income and expense for the Company. In order 
to optimize the Company's position with regards to interest income & expense and to manage the interest risk, the Company performs 
comprehensive interest risk management by balancing the proportion of fix & variable rate financial instruments.
(` In Lakhs)
Particulars March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Fixed rate instruments
Fixed deposit with Banks  1,282.61  72.52 
Variable rate instruments
Borrowings  541.12  707.62 
 741.49  (635.10)
  Sensitivity analysis:
     A change in 50 basis point in interest rate at the reporting date would have increase/(decrease) Profit or Loss by the amount shown below.
  This analysis assumes that all other variables, remain constant.
(` In Lakhs)
Particulars March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Increase Decrease Increase Decrease
Interest rate - increase/decrease by 50 basis point 3.71 (3.71) 3.18 (3.18)
207
Annual Report 2025-26
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 118STATUTORY REPORTS22CORPORATE OVERVIEW01

--- page 200 ---
Notes to the Consolidated Ind AS Financial Statement
for the year ended March 31, 2026
 c)  Commodity Risk
     Commodity risk is defined as the possibility of financial loss as a result of fluctuation in price of Raw Material/Finished Goods and change in 
demand of the product and market in which the company operates. The Company is exposed to the movement in price of key raw materials 
in domestic and international markets. The Company has in place policies to manage exposure to fluctuations in the prices of the key raw 
materials used in operations. The company forecast annual business plan and execute on monthly business plan. Raw material procurement 
is aligned to its monthly/annual business plan and inventory position is monitored in accordance with future price trend.
 ii)  Credit risk
  Credit risk refers to the risk of default on its obligation by the counterparty resulting in a financial loss. The Company is exposed to credit risk 
mainly from its operating activities (primarily trade receivables) and from its financing activities, including deposits with banks.
  Credit risk on trade receivables is managed by the Company through credit approvals, establishing credit limits and continuously monitoring the 
creditworthiness of customers to which the Company grants credit terms in the normal course of business. The Company has no concentration 
of risk as customer base in widely distributed both economically and geographically.
  An impairment analysis is performed at each reporting date on an individual basis for major clients. In addition, a large number of minor receivables 
are grouped into homogenous groups and assessed for impairment collectively. The calculation is based on exchange losses historical data. 
The maximum exposure to credit risk at the reporting date is the carrying value of each class of financial assets. The Company does not hold 
collateral as security. The Company uses expected credit loss model to assess the impairment loss or gain. The Company uses a provision matrix 
to compute the expected credit loss allowance for trade receivables. The provision matrix takes into account available external and internal credit 
risk factors such as financial condition, ageing of outstanding and the Company's historical experience for customers.
  Following are the ageing related to above mentioned trade receivables.
(` In Lakhs)
Particulars March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
<6 months >6 months <6 months >6 months
Trade Receivables 5,505.38 316.13 4,884.56 232.58
 b)  Financial instruments and cash deposits
     Credit risk from balances with banks and financial institutions is managed by the Company’s treasury department in accordance with 
Company’s policy. Investments of surplus funds are made only with approved counterparties and within credit limits assigned to each 
counterparty. Company monitors rating, credit spreads and financial strength of its counter parties. Company monitors ratings, credit 
spread and financial strength of its counter parties. Based on ongoing assessment Company adjust it's exposure to various counterparties. 
Company's maximum exposure to credit risk for the components of balance sheet is the carrying amount as disclosed in Note 37.
     Credit risk exposure
     The following table shows the maximum exposure to the credit risk at the reporting date :
(` In Lakhs)
Particulars March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Non Current Current Non Current Current
Loans  67.95  4.61  53.41  2.08 
Trade Receivables  -     5,821.52  -     5,117.14 
Cash equivalents  -     725.05  -     848.58 
Other financials assets  1,201.25  83.28  -     75.51 
Total  1,269.20  6,634.46  53.41  6,043.31 
Raghav Productivity Enhancers Ltd.
208
Annual Report 2025-26

--- page 201 ---
Notes to the Consolidated Ind AS Financial Statement
for the year ended March 31, 2026
iii)  Liquidity risk
  Liquidity risk is the risk that the Company may not be able to meet its present and future cash flow obligations without incurring unacceptable 
losses. Company's objective is to, at all time maintain optimum levels of liquidity to meet its cash requirements. Company closely monitors its 
liquidity position and deploys a robust cash management system. It maintains adequate sources of financing including overdraft, debt from banks 
at optimised cost and cash flow from operations.
 The table summarises the maturity profile of Company's financial liabilities based on contractual undiscounted payments.
(` In Lakhs)
Particulars March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Within 1 year >1 years Total Within 1 year >1 years Total
Borrowings  166.50  374.62  541.12  166.50  541.12  707.62 
Other liabilities  345.94 -  345.94  491.72  -     491.72 
Trade and other payable  2,101.76 -  2,101.76  1,775.31  -     1,775.31 
Note 39- Corporate Social Responsibilty (CSR) 
As per Section 135 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with guidelines issued by Department of Public Enterprises, GOI, the Company is required to 
spend, in every financial year, at least two per cent of the average net profits of the Company made during the three immediately preceding financial 
years in accordance with its CSR Policy. The details of CSR expenses for the year are as under:
(` In Lakhs)
Particulars Year ended  
Mar 31, 2026
Year ended  
Mar 31, 2025
A.  Amount required to be spent during the year  78.23  62.17 
B.  Amount spent during the year on:
  a)  Construction/Acquisition of any asset  -     -    
  b)  On purposes other than (a) above  78.31  62.20 
C.  Shortfall for the year, in any in Amount required to be spent net of Amount spent  -     -    
D.  Provision made for shortfall during the year  -     -    
E.  Total of Previous Year Shortfalls  -     -    
F .  Total Provision for Unspent CSR  -     -    
(` In Lakhs)
Nature of CSR Activites FY 2025-26 FY 2024-25
Promoting gender equality, empowering women, setting up homes and hostels for women and 
orphans; setting up old age homes, day care centres and such other facilities for senior citizens 
and measures for reducing inequalities faced by socially and economically backward groups
 5.60  15.35 
Promoting education, including special education and employment enhancing vocation skills 
especially among children, women, elderly and the differently abled and livelihood enhancement 
projects
 26.68  30.05 
Ensuring environmental sustainability, ecological balance, protection of flora and fauna, animal 
welfare, agroforestry, conservation of natural resources and maintaining quality of soil, air and 
water including contribution to the Clean Ganga Fund set-up by the Central Government for 
rejuvenation of river Ganga
 13.29  -    
Eradicating hunger, poverty and malnutrition, promoting health care including preventive health 
care and sanitation including contribution to the Swach Bharat Kosh set-up by the Central 
Government for the promotion of sanitation and making available safe drinking water
 32.75  16.80 
Others  -    -
 Total  78.31  62.20 
The company has not dealt with any related party in regard to its CSR Activities
Where a provision is made with respect to a liability incurred by entering into a contractual obligation, the movements in the provision during the Year 
: Not Applicable
209
Annual Report 2025-26
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 118STATUTORY REPORTS22CORPORATE OVERVIEW01

--- page 202 ---
Notes to the Consolidated Ind AS Financial Statement
for the year ended March 31, 2026
Note 40-Dividend
In case of Holding Company (Raghav Productivity Enhancers Limited), The Board has recommended a Final Dividend of ` 1 (i.e. @ 10.00%) per equity 
share of Rs.10/- each on fully paid equity shares as on the record date for the financial year 2025-26.
In case of the Subsidiary Company (Raghav Productivity Solutions Private Limited), The Board has recommended a Final Dividend of ` 50/- per equity 
share of Rs.10/- each on fully paid equity shares as on the record date for the financial year 2025-26.
Note-41 Relationship with Struck off Companies
Relationship with Struck off Companies
Name of struck off Company Nature of transactions with struck-off 
Company
Balance outstanding Relationship with the Struck off 
company, if any, to be disclosed
Investments in securities -
Receivables-
Payables -
Shares held by struck off company -
Other outstanding balances (to be specified) -
Note-42  Analytical Ratios
(` In Lakhs)
Ratio Numerator Denominator Current Year 
March 31, 2026
Previous Year 
March 31, 2025
Variance % Variance Reasons
Current ratio (in 
times)
Total current Assets Total current liabilities 5.64 4.93 14.35% -
Debt-equity ratio 
(in times)
Long term borrowings 
+short term borrowings
Total equity 0.02 0.04 -44.67% It has decreased 
due to repayment 
of non current 
borrowings as well 
as increment in net 
worth
Debt service 
coverage ratio (in 
times)
Earnings before debt 
service = Net profit 
after taxes + non cash 
operating expenses + 
Interest + Other non cash 
adjustments
Debt service = 
Interest + principle 
repayments
37.44 26.51 41.22% It has increased 
during the year 
primarily due to 
higher profit after 
tax and a reduction 
in interest costs, 
indicating improved 
debt servicing 
capacity
Return on equity 
ratio (in %)
Profit for the year Average 
Shareholder's Equity
25.01% 21.01% 19.05% -
Inventory 
turnover ratio (in 
times)
Revenue from operations Average inventory 5.58 6.42 -13.04% -
Trade receivables 
turnover ratio (in 
times)
Revenue from operations Average Trade 
Receivables
4.70 4.39 7.07%
Raghav Productivity Enhancers Ltd.
210
Annual Report 2025-26

--- page 203 ---
Notes to the Consolidated Ind AS Financial Statement
for the year ended March 31, 2026
(` In Lakhs)
Ratio Numerator Denominator Current Year 
March 31, 2026
Previous Year 
March 31, 2025
Variance % Variance Reasons
Trade payables 
turnover
Raw material purchases Average Trade 
Payables
4.64 3.46 34.20% The increase is due 
to higher purchase 
volume, resulting 
in more frequent 
settlement of 
payables during the 
period.
Net capital 
turnover ratio
Revenue from operations Average Working 
capital
2.08 2.14 -2.99% -
Net profit ratio 
(in %
Profit for the year Revenue from 
operations
21.32% 18.52% 15.11% -
Return on capital 
employed (in %)
Earning before tax and 
finance cost
Capital employed = 
Total Equity + Total 
Borrowings+ Def tax
28.15% 24.20% 16.31% -
Return on 
Investment
Income generated from 
invested funds
Invested funds in 
treasury investmens
5.01% 3.76% 33.33% It has increased 
due to investment 
in higher return 
generating mutual 
funds
Note-43 Segment Reporting
The company operates in only one Segment i.e. 'Ramming Mass'. Accordingly, the Company is a single segment Company in accordance with Ind AS 
108-Operating Segment.
Note-44
The previous year figures have been regrouped, rearranged and reclassified whenever necessary.
Note-45- Information required against additional disclosures as per amendments in Schedule III of Companies Act, 2013 are as 
under:-
a.  Title deeds of Immovable Property not held in name of the Company (Para a(ii)(XIII)(Y)(i))- There are no immovable properties owned by the 
company whose title deeds are not held in its name.
b.  Revaluation of Property, Plant & Equipment (Para a(ii)(XIII)(Y)(ii)) - During the year under review the company has not revalued its property, 
plant & Equipment.
c.  Loan & Advance made to promoters, directors, KMPs and other related parties (Para a(ii)(XIII)(Y)(iii))- The Company has not provided loans 
and advance to the parties covered under this clause.
d.  Intangible Assets under development (Para a(ii)(XIII)(Y)(v))- There are no intangible assets under development.
e.  Details of Benami property held (Para a(ii)(XIII)(Y)(vi))- No proceeding has been initiated or pending against the company for holding any 
benami property under the Benami Transactions (Prohibition) Act, 1988 and rules made thereunder
f.   Willful Defaulter (Para a(ii)(XIII)(Y)(viii))- The company has not been declared as wilful defaulter by any bank or financial institutions 
or other lenders.
g.  Relationship with struck of Companies (Para a(ii)(XIII)(Y)(ix))-  There are no transactions (Including Investment in Securities / Shares held 
by Struck off company & Other Outstanding balances) with companies struck off u/s 248 of the Companies Act 2013, or section 560 of the 
Companies Act, 1956.
h.  Registration of charges and satisfaction with Registrar of Companies (Para a(ii)(XIII)(Y)(x))- There are no charges or satisfaction of charges 
which are yet to be registered with Registrar of Companies beyond the statutory period.
211
Annual Report 2025-26
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 118STATUTORY REPORTS22CORPORATE OVERVIEW01

--- page 204 ---
Notes to the Consolidated Ind AS Financial Statement
for the year ended March 31, 2026
i.   Compliance with number of layers of companies (Para a(ii)(XIII)(Y)(xi)) - The company has not made violation of requirements related to 
number of layers of companies as prescribed under clause 87 of Section 2 read with Commpanies (Restriction of number of Layeers) Rules 2017.
j.  Compliance with approved Scheme(s) of Arrangements (Para a(ii)(XIII)(Y)(xiii)) - Not Applicable
k.   Utilization of Borrowed funds and share premium (Para a(ii)(XIII)(Y)(xiv)) - No funds have been advanced or loaned or invested (either from 
borrowed funds or share premium or any other sources or kind of funds) by the Company to or in any other persons(s) or entity(ies), including 
foreign entities (“Intermediaries”) with the understanding, whether recorded in writing or otherwise, that the Intermediary shall lend or invest in 
party identified by or on behalf of the Company (Ultimate Beneficiaries). The Company has not received any fund from any party(s) (Funding 
Party) with the understanding that the Company shall whether, directly or indirectly lend or invest in other persons or entities identified by or on 
behalf of the Company (“Ultimate Beneficiaries”) or provide any guarantee, security or the like on behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries.
l.   Undisclosed Income (Para a(iii)(ix))- Company has not surrendered or disclosed any transaction which was not recorded in the books of 
accounts as income during the year in the tax assessment under the Income Tax Act.
m.  Details of Crypto Currency or Virtual Currency (Para a(iii)(xi))- The company has not traded or invested in Crypto Currency or Virtual Currency 
during the financial year.
Note-46
On November 21, 2025, the Government of India notified the four Labour Codes - the Code on Wages, 2019, the Industrial Relations Code, 2020, 
the Code on Social Security, 2020, and the Occupational Safety, Health and Working Conditions Code, 2020 - consolidating 29 existing labour laws. 
The Ministry of Labour & Employment published draft Central Rules and FAQs to enable assessment of the financial impact due to changes in 
regulations. The Company has assessed the same & there is no material impact of these changes and to the best information available, consistent with 
the guidance provided by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India. The Company continues to monitor the finalisation of Central / State Rules 
and clarifications from the Government on other aspects of the Labour Code and would provide appropriate accounting effect (if any) on the basis of 
such developments as needed.
AS PER OUR REPORT OF EVEN DATE For and on behalf of the Board of Directors
Raghav Productivity Enhancers Ltd.
For A. Bafna & Co.
Chartered Accountants
Firm Reg. No. 003660C
Sd/- Sd/- Sd/-
CA Rajat Sharma Rajesh Kabra Sanjay Kabra
(Partner) (Managing Director) (Whole Time Director)
M. No. 428792 DIN:00935200 DIN:02552178
Sd/- Sd/-
Deepak Jaju Neha Rathi
Date : April 24, 2026 (CFO) (Company Secretary)
Place : Jaipur Pan No. : AIDPJ5564H Membership No:38807
Raghav Productivity Enhancers Ltd.
212
Annual Report 2025-26

--- page 205 ---


--- page 206 ---
Corporate Office:
436, 4th Floor, Alankar Plaza A-10,
Central Spine, Vidhyadhar Nagar,
Jaipur, Rajasthan - 302 023
CIN: L27109RJ2009PLC030511
P: +91 141 2235760 - 61
E: cs@rammingmass.com
W: www.rammingmass.com
