

--- page 1 ---
 
 
 
 
REGISTERED OFFICE: # 287, MIG – 2, IX Phase, KPHB, Hyderabad, Telangana - 500 072, Ph: 98487 78241 
CORPORATE OFFICE: Plot # 75, Kavuri Hills, Madhapur, Hyderabad, Telangana - 500034, Ph: 98487 78243 
Control Room: +91 96 4050 4050 (24X7) Email: info@kapstonservices.com Website: www.kapstonservices.com 
CIN. No. L15400TG2009PLC062658 
 
 K A P S T O N  S E R V I C E S  L I M I T E D 
 
 
 
September 01, 2026 
 
To 
The Listing Department, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited, 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E ), Mumbai- 400051. 
 
SYMBOL: KAPSTON 
 
 
 SYMBOL: KAPSTON  
 
Sub: Submission of Notice of 18th Annual General Meeting (AGM) along with Annual Report 
for the Financial Year 2025-26.  
 
Pursuant to regulation 34(1) of SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015, we are enclosing herewith the 
Notice of 18th Annual General Meeting (AGM) to be held on Thursday, September 24, 2026, at 
04.00 p.m. at Corporate office of the Company along with the Annual Report for the Financial 
Year 2025-26, which is being sent to the members of the Company through electronic mode.  
 
Kindly take the same on record. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Kapston Services Limited 
 
 
K. Ramesha 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Encl.: As above 
 
 
 

--- page 2 ---
ANNUAL REPORT 2026
S E R V I C E S  L I M I T E D
Built on 
Excellence. 
Scaling 
.New Heights

--- page 3 ---


--- page 4 ---
TABLE OF CONTENTS
INTRODUCTION  4-6
• Theme Intro
• A Growth Phase
• Corporate Information
COMPANY OVERVIEW  7-27
• Vision, Mission, Values & Objectives
• Who we are & Services we offer
• Our presence
• Key Performance Indicators
• Board of Directors
• Senior Management
• Chairman's Message
• Managing Directorʼs Message
VALUE CREATION APPROACH  28-29
•  ESG
•  Corporate Social Responsibility
STATUTORY REPORTS  30-81
•  Management Discussion and Analysis
•  Board's Report
•  Report on Corporate Governance
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
STANDALONE  82-141
•  Independent Auditor's Report
•  Standalone Balance Sheet
•  Standalone Statement of Profit and Loss
•  Standalone Statement of Cash Flows
•  Statement of change in Equity
•  Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
CONSOLIDATED  142-195
•  Independent Auditor's Report
•  Consolidated Balance Sheet
•  Consolidated Statement of Profit and Loss
•  Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
•  Statement of change in Equity
•  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
NOTICE  196-210

--- page 5 ---
In FY 2025–26, Kapston Services Limited continued its growth journey with a strong focus on 
excellence, innovation and sustainable progress. The year reflected our continued 
commitment to strengthening our capabilities, delivering greater value to our clients and 
building a stronger foundation for the future.
Throughout the year, our teams remained committed to delivering consistent, high-quality 
and reliable services across every business vertical, geography and service line. Their 
dedication and expertise enabled us to respond effectively to evolving client needs while 
maintaining the standards of excellence that define Kapston.
The year also marked continued evolution across our business. We expanded our presence, 
strengthened our operations, embraced innovation and explored new opportunities while 
remaining firmly grounded in our core values. These efforts have reinforced our foundation for 
sustainable, responsible and long-term growth.
As we close FY 2025–26, we look back with pride and gratitude at the progress we have made 
and the milestones achieved together. Our journey reflects a steadfast commitment to 
excellence and a clear vision for the future.
As we move forward, we remain focused on strengthening our capabilities, creating 
greater value for our stakeholders, embracing new opportunities and scaling to new 
heights.
Building . MomentumCreating .Tomorrow
A n n u a l R e p o r t - 2 0 2 6             04

--- page 6 ---
Powered by our people, driven by performance and committed to progress, Kapstonʼs strong 
performance in FY 2025–26 reflects our collective strength. In a highly competitive landscape, 
we continued to grow, strengthen our capabilities and create lasting value building momentum 
for a stronger future.
FY 2025-26 A PHASE GROWTH 
FIGURES TELL THE STORY
TOTAL REVENUE
K 83,189.10  Lakhas against I 69,023.18 lakh in FY 2024-25
EBITDA
K 4,545.81  Lakhas against I 3,175.01  lakh in FY 2024-25
PAT
K 2,813.17  Lakhas against I 1,783.65 lakh in FY 2024-25
I
I
A n n u a l R e p o r t - 2 0 2 6             05

--- page 7 ---
BOARD OF DIRECTORS
• Dr. Ramachandra Naidu Chereddi, IPS (Retd.), Chairman
• Mr. Srikanth Kodali, Managing Director
• Ms. Kanti Kiran Doddapaneni, Non - Executive Director
• Mr. Nageswara Rao Koripalli, IRS (Retd.), Independent Director
• Mr. Naveen Nandigam, Independent Director
• Ms. Vanitha Nagulavari, Independent Director
KEY MANAGERIAL PERSONNEL
• Mr. Kapil Sood, Chief Financial Officer
• Mr. K Ramesha, Company Secretary and Compliance Officer
STATUTORY AUDITORS
• NSVR & Associates LLP, Chartered Accountants
 Firm Reg. No. 008801S/S200060
CORPORATE INFORMATION
REGISTERED OFFICE
Plot No. 287, MIG-2, IX Phase, KPHB, Kukatpally,
Hyderabad, Telangana - 500072
CORPORATE OFFICE
Plot No.75, Kavuri Hills, Madhapur, Hyderabad,
Telangana - 500034
INTERNAL AUDITOR
M/s.TAN & Associates, Chartered Accountants
Ms. K. Sravanthi
Firm Reg. No. 024082S
Membership Number: 239567
SECRETARIAL AUDITOR
M/s. VCAN & Associates, Practicing Company secretaries
Mr. Santosh Gunemoni
C.P. No. 27836
REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER AGENT
Bigshare Services Private Limited
# 06, Right Wing, 3rd Floor, Amrutha Ville,
Opp. Yashoda Hospital, Somajiguda,
Rajbhavan Road, Hyderabad - 500082Investor Cell Contact Details
cs@kapstonservices.com
A n n u a l R e p o r t - 2 0 2 6             06

--- page 8 ---
VISION
MISSION
VALUES
OBJECTIVES
To become the best service provider for Staffing Solutions, Integrated 
Facilities Management and Security Services with a focussed approach 
towards customer satisfaction and be a strategic partner to all our clients.
VISION
To generate consistent value in our services through technology 
integration innovations and up-gradation with changing times and 
establish the highest standards of excellence.
MISSION
To design a premium policy that is aligned with the needs of the industry 
and ensuring compliance with the best mandated standards.
OBJECTIVES
• Integrity
• Quality
• Process Excellence
• Professionalism 
• Competitiveness
VALUES
A n n u a l R e p o r t - 2 0 2 6             07

--- page 9 ---
Kapston Services Limited is a leading Human Capital Solutions Provider, delivering integrated 
services across General Staffing, Integrated Facility Management, Security Services and IT 
Staffing. Our philosophy, “Enhancing Employability | Empowering Bharat,” goes beyond a 
tagline it reflects our commitment to creating employment opportunities, strengthening 
businesses and contributing to a skilled and empowered workforce.
Founded in 2009 in Hyderabad, Kapston has grown into a 30,000+ strong workforce, serving 
800+ clients across diverse sectors including Manufacturing, Pharma, IT/ITES, Healthcare, 
Education, Fintech and more. Guided by our core values of Integrity, Quality, Process Excellence, 
Professionalism and Competitiveness, we remain focused on becoming the preferred service 
partner for our clients through consistent quality and customer satisfaction.
Our operations are backed by ISO 9001:2015, ISO 45001:2018, ISO 18788:2015 and PSARA 
compliance, reinforcing our commitment to quality, occupational health & safety, security 
operations and regulatory standards. Through skill development initiatives such as NAPS & NATS, 
we continue to enhance employability, develop industry-ready talent and empower communities. 
With 38% women representation in our workforce, we also remain committed to diversity, inclusion 
and responsible employment.
Our long-standing client relationships reflect our competence, reliability and commitment to 
service excellence. At Kapston, we enable clients to focus on their core business while we manage 
the entrusted services with integrity, efficiency and care.
As we move forward in 2026, technology continues to strengthen our service delivery. Solutions 
including E-Help Desk, QR-based Checklists, Visitor Management Systems, Geo-Tagged 
Attendance, Digital Onboarding, RFID, Asset Tracking and Digital Training enhance 
transparency, accountability and operational efficiency making Kapston more agile, technology-
driven and future-ready.
During FY 2025–26, Kapston also entered the Business-to-Consumer home-services market through 
the incorporation of Kapston Home Services Private Limited (KHSPL). The new subsidiary is intended to 
provide cleaning, beauty and spa services, electrical, plumbing and carpentry services, air-conditioner 
repairs, painting and other allied household services.
WHO WE ARE
•  General Stafng
•  Security
•  House Keeping
•  Engineering
•  IT Stafng
• Home Services
• Manufacturing
• Pharma
• IT/ITES
• BFSI, NBFC & Fintech
• FMCG & FMCD
• Automobiles
• E-Com & Q-Com
• Retail & Logistics
• Agriculture & Food 
Processing
• Healthcare & 
Hospitality
• Education
• Infrastructure & 
Commercial
• Govt. & PSUs
• Telecom, Media & 
Entertainment
• Residential
SERVICES WE OFFER BUSINESS SEGMENTS WE SERVE
A n n u a l R e p o r t - 2 0 2 6             08

--- page 10 ---
Kapston Services offers end-to-end General Staffing solutions designed to address the evolving workforce needs 
of businesses across industries. Our scalable and process-driven services enable organizations to access the right 
talent at the right time while ensuring cost efficiency, statutory compliance, workforce productivity and service 
quality.
Contract Stafng
Flexible and scalable manpower solutions tailored to project requirements, seasonal demands and changing 
business needs, helping organizations optimize workforce efficiency.
NAPS & NATS
Supporting organizations in leveraging government-backed apprenticeship programs to develop industry-ready 
skills, enhance employability and build sustainable talent pipelines.
Payroll Management
Comprehensive payroll solutions covering salary processing, statutory compliance, documentation and 
reporting, ensuring accuracy, confidentiality and timely execution.
Permanent Stafng
Expertise-driven recruitment solutions that connect the right talent with the right roles, supporting long-term 
organizational growth and workforce stability.
Recruitment Process Outsourcing (RPO)
Customized end-to-end recruitment solutions covering talent sourcing, screening, selection and onboarding, 
supported by technology, industry expertise and streamlined processes.
GENERAL STAFFING
A n n u a l R e p o r t - 2 0 2 6             09

--- page 11 ---
Kapston Services delivers integrated Security Solutions focussed on protecting people, assets and business 
operations. Backed by trained professionals, disciplined processes and technology-enabled systems, we provide 
reliable security support tailored to the specific needs of every client.
Manned Guarding & Executive Protection
Deployment of trained and vigilant security professionals for premises protection, along with specialized 
executive protection services for senior executives and high-profile individuals.
Electronic Surveillance & CCTV Monitoring
Technology-driven surveillance systems with continuous monitoring to improve visibility, identify suspicious 
activity and support faster incident response.
Access Control Management
Structured access management solutions integrating trained personnel and technology to control entry, exit and 
movement within secured premises.
Event Security & Crowd Management
Customized security planning and deployment for corporate, public and private events, including access control, 
crowd management and emergency coordination.
Risk Assessment & Security Audits
Detailed assessment of security vulnerabilities and potential threats, followed by preventive measures and 
recommendations to strengthen overall security preparedness.
Emergency Response Teams
Trained response teams prepared to manage emergencies and critical situations through swift action, effective 
coordination and established response protocols.
SECURITY SERVICES
A n n u a l R e p o r t - 2 0 2 6             10

--- page 12 ---
Kapston Services provides comprehensive Housekeeping and Facility Support Services focused on maintaining 
clean, hygienic and well-managed workplaces. Our trained workforce, standardized processes and modern 
cleaning practices help create safe, productive and welcoming environments across diverse facilities.
Housekeeping & Janitorial Services
Professional day-to-day cleaning and upkeep services that maintain hygiene, cleanliness and organization across 
offices, commercial facilities and industrial premises.
Pantry & Ofce Support Services
Trained personnel to manage pantry operations, office assistance and routine workplace requirements, ensuring 
seamless support for daily business activities.
Façade & Glass Cleaning
Specialized cleaning of building façades, external surfaces and glass areas using appropriate equipment, trained 
professionals and established safety procedures.
Pest Control & Sanitization
Effective pest management, disinfection and sanitization solutions designed to maintain hygiene, reduce 
contamination risks and support healthier workplaces.
Waste Management & Landscaping
Responsible waste handling and professional landscaping services that contribute to cleaner surroundings, 
environmental sustainability and aesthetically maintained premises.
Specialized Cleaning
Customized cleaning solutions for hospitals, retail outlets, commercial establishments and other sensitive or 
high-traffic environments, with a strong focus on hygiene, safety and quality standards.
HOUSEKEEPING
A n n u a l R e p o r t - 2 0 2 6             11

--- page 13 ---
Kapston Services delivers comprehensive Engineering Services focused on enhancing the reliability, 
safety and efficiency of critical facility infrastructure. Supported by qualified engineers, certified 
technicians and skilled professionals, we provide proactive maintenance and technical solutions that 
help reduce downtime, optimize performance and ensure operational continuity.
From preventive maintenance to intelligent building systems, our solutions are designed to keep 
facilities efficient, compliant, sustainable and future-ready.
Electrical & Mechanical Maintenance
Preventive and corrective maintenance to ensure equipment reliability and uninterrupted operations.
HVAC Operations & Maintenance
Efficient maintenance of HVAC systems for better performance, comfort and energy efficiency.
Plumbing & Water Management
Maintenance of water supply, drainage and sanitation systems for efficient facility operations.
Fire & Safety Systems
Inspection, maintenance and monitoring of fire detection and safety systems.
Energy Management Solutions
Energy audits and optimization solutions to reduce consumption and operating costs.
Building Automation & Controls
Smart automation solutions to improve facility efficiency, safety and comfort.
ENGINEERING SERVICES
A n n u a l R e p o r t - 2 0 2 6             12

--- page 14 ---
Kapston Services provides specialized IT Staffing Solutions to connect businesses with skilled technology 
professionals across diverse domains. From contract and project-based requirements to permanent hiring, we 
help organizations bridge talent gaps quickly and scale their teams efficiently.
Contract & Project-Based Stafng
Flexible IT workforce solutions for short-term assignments, specialized projects and changing business 
requirements.
Permanent IT Talent Acquisition
End-to-end recruitment support to identify and hire qualified technology professionals for long-term roles.
Managed IT Resource Deployment
Skilled, ready-to-deploy IT professionals who seamlessly integrate with client teams and support business 
objectives.
Developers, Engineers, Analysts & Support Staff
Access to a diverse talent pool across technical, functional, development, engineering and IT support roles.
Payroll & Compliance Management
Efficient payroll administration with statutory compliance and workforce documentation support.
Recruitment Process Outsourcing (RPO)
Dedicated recruitment solutions to streamline sourcing, screening, selection and onboarding while accelerating 
IT hiring cycles.
IT STAFFING SOLUTIONS
A n n u a l R e p o r t - 2 0 2 6             13

--- page 15 ---
WE COMMIT TO 
MAKE IT HAPPEN
NOW
HOME CLEANING &
PEST CONTROL
INSTA ASSIST
EPC
HOME PAINTING
AC REPAIRS
APPLIANCE REPAIRS
WOMEN’S SALON
MEN’S SALON
MEN’S SPA
WOMEN’S SPA
Your Comfort 
Our Priority.One App, All Services.
Home Services Private Limited
NEW INTIATIVE
A n n u a l R e p o r t - 2 0 2 6             14

--- page 16 ---
Kapston Services Limited is a leading manpower solutions company, delivering Stafng, 
Security, Integrated Facility Management, Engineering, and Workforce Solutions to over 
800 clients across 1,000+ locations. With a legacy built on trust, operational excellence, 
and technology-driven service delivery, Kapston has earned the condence of clients 
across diverse industries, corporates and residential societies since 17+ years.
 Exceptional Trusted Professional Standards.  Services.  Solutions.  
• Trusted Legacy: Years of delivering professional 
services to leading corporates and institutions.
• Veried Professionals: Every service partner is 
trained, skilled, and background veried.
• Technology-Enabled Experience: Easy booking, 
real-time tracking, and seamless customer support.
• Standardised Quality: Enterprise-grade processes 
adapted for residential services.
• Transparent & Reliable: Fair pricing, dependable 
service, and complete accountability.
• One-Stop Solution: A wide range of home services 
under one trusted brand.
• Customer-First Approach: Bringing the same 
professionalism, safety, and service excellence from 
businesses to every home.
Why Kapston Home Services?
Leveraging its proven expertise in managing large workforces and delivering quality services, 
Kapston is extending its trusted capabilities to homes.
From serving India's leading businesses to serving Indian homes 
Kapston brings trust, quality, and professionalism to your doorstep.
A n n u a l R e p o r t - 2 0 2 6             15

--- page 17 ---
BRANCH OFFICESExpanding Presence, Delivering Excellence
New Delhi
Gurugram
Kanpur
Bhubaneswar
Raipur
Visakhapatnam
Hyderabad
Guntur
Chennai
Bengaluru
Pune
Mumbai
Guwahati
Indore
Jharkhand
A n n u a l R e p o r t - 2 0 2 6             16

--- page 18 ---
SHAREHOLDING PATTERN
(31ST MARCH 2026)
Promoters 72.87%
Directors & Relatives
11.15%
Public 15.98%
72.87%
11.15%
15.98%
90000
80000
70000
60000
50000
40000
30000
20000
10000
FY 25-26FY 21-22 FY 22-23 FY 23-24 FY 24-25
83,032
Revenue from Operations (INR in Lakhs)
3200
2800
2400
2000
1600
1200
800
400
FY 25-26
2,735
FY 21-22
99
FY 22-23
235
FY 23-24
992
FY 24-25
1,504
PBT (INR in Lakhs)
4
3.5
3
2.5
2
1.5
1
0.5
FY 25-26
3.37
FY 21-22
0.91
FY 22-23
1.27
FY 23-24
2.41
FY 24-25
2.59
PAT% 
3000
2700
2400
2100
1800
1500
1200
900
600
300
PAT (INR in Lakhs)
FY 25-26
2,802
FY 21-22
247
FY 22-23
507
FY 23-24
1257
FY 24-25
1,784
5000
4500
4000
3500
3000
2500
2000
1500
1000
500
EBITDA (INR in Lakhs)
10
9
8
7
6
5
4
3
2
1
EPS
FY 25-26
9.21
FY 21-22
2.44
FY 22-23
5.00
FY 23-24
6.20
FY 24-25
5.86
FY 25-26
4,568
FY 21-22
1,310
FY 22-23
1,571
FY 23-24
2,414
FY 24-25
3,175
A n n u a l R e p o r t - 2 0 2 6             17

--- page 19 ---
BOARD OF DIRECTORS
Dr. Ramachandra Naidu Chereddi serves as the Executive 
Chairman of Kapston Services Limited. He holds a Master's 
degree in Sociology and a Doctorate in Commerce and 
Management. A distinguished officer of the Indian Police 
Service(IPS), he retired in 2007 as the Inspector General of 
Police in the erstwhile unified Andhra Pradesh State.
With over four decades of service, Dr. Naidu brings vast 
experience in human resource management, industrial 
relations, strategic planning and project execution. He is also 
a published author-his notable work "Preventive Powers of 
Police" was released by the AP Police Academy. His strategic 
insights and visionary leadership continue to be a guiding 
force in Kapston's sustained growth and excellence.
Dr. Ramachandra Naidu Chereddi, Executive Chairman
Mr. Srikanth Kodali is a first-generation entrepreneur and 
the driving force behind Kapston's journey since its 
inception. With a degree in Commerce and deep domain 
expertise, he has been instrumental in building the 
company's capabilities across facilities management, 
security services, and staffing solutions.
As Promoter & Managing Director, Mr. Kodali plays a pivotal 
role in business strategy, operations, expansion and client 
relationships. His entrepreneurial vision and hands-on 
leadership have been central to Kapston's emergence as 
one of India's leading integrated service providers.
Mr. Srikanth Kodali, Managing Director
Ms. Kanti Kiran Doddapaneni serves as a Promoter and Non-
Executive Director at Kapston Services Limited. She holds a 
Bachelor's degree in Science from Osmania University and a 
Master's degree in Arts, bringing with her a well-rounded 
academic background. Her presence on the Board reflects 
the company's commitment to strong governance.
Ms. Kanti Kiran Doddapaneni, Non-Executive Director
A n n u a l R e p o r t - 2 0 2 6             18

--- page 20 ---
BOARD OF DIRECTORS
Mr. Naveen Nandigam is an Independent Director, is a Fellow 
Member of the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India 
(ICAI) and has been in professional practice since 1990. With 
deep expertise in financial reporting, auditing and 
management consulting, his association with Kapston since 
February 2018 has bolstered the company's financial 
oversight and strategic direction.
Mr. Naveen Nandigam, Independent Director
Ms. Vanitha Nagulavari is an Independent woman Director 
with over a decade of professional experience in the fields of 
corporate law, company secretarial practice and capital 
markets. A Commerce graduate and Associate Member of 
the Institute of Company Secretaries of India (ICSI), she adds 
valuable legal and compliance expertise to the Board, 
strengthening Kapston's corporate governance framework.
Ms. Vanitha Nagulavari, Independent Director
A n n u a l R e p o r t - 2 0 2 6             19
Mr. Nageswara Rao Koripalli retired in 2018 as Principal 
Director of Income Tax (Investigation) for Telangana and 
Andhra Pradesh. A former IRS officer, he also served as 
Special Director in the Enforcement Directorate, bringing 
over 33 years of expertise in taxation, finance, audit, and 
enforcement laws. He holds a Master's degree in Science and 
a Bachelor of Law (LLB). His knowledge spans Indian tax 
legislation, company law, and regulatory frameworks 
including FERA, FEMA, PMLA, the Benami Properties Act and 
the Black Money Act. His presence on the Board significantly 
enhances Kapston's governance and compliance practices.
Mr. Nageswara Rao Koripalli, Independent Director


--- page 21 ---
SENIOR MANAGEMENT
Kapil Sood, Chief Financial Officer
Mr. Kapil Sood is a Chartered Accountant and 
a Fellow Member of the Institute of Chartered 
Accountants of India (ICAI), with over 20 years 
of experience in accounting, controllership, 
corporate finance, taxation and financial 
strategy. His expertise plays a critical role in 
Kapston's financial governance and planning.
K. Ramesha, Company Secretary & Compliance Officer
Vishnu Mora, Chief Operating Officer
Mr. K. Ramesha is an Associate Member of the 
Institute of Company Secretaries of India 
(ICSI) and holds a Bachelor's degree in 
Commerce. He plays a key role in 
strengthening the Company's corporate 
governance framework and supporting the 
Board in ensuring effective compliance and 
regulatory oversight.
Mr. Vishnu Mora brings over three decades of 
leadership experience in Facilities 
Management, Property Management and 
Construction Management. Beyond managing 
operations, he is instrumental in business 
expansion and client retention, making him a 
key pillar in Kapston's growth strategy.
A n n u a l R e p o r t - 2 0 2 6             20

--- page 22 ---
SENIOR MANAGEMENT
Haraprasad P, Executive President
Dr. Haraprasad Panda, MRICS, is a seasoned leader with 
over 29 years of expertise in General Staffing, IFM, 
Security, IT Staffing, e-Governance, and overall Human 
Capital Solutions. Recognized as a LinkedIn Top Voice and 
an Independent Director certified by the Ministry of 
Corporate Affairs, he also holds an Honorary Doctorate in 
Workforce Development & Business Leadership. He 
actively contributes to industry bodies including FICCI, CII, 
RICS, GACS, HR Bharat, and the Indian Staffing Federation, 
sharing insights on ESG, DEI, Transformation Leadership & 
Future of Work. 
Anupam Saxena, General Manager – General Staffing (North)
Shamporam Narsing Rao Syam Sundar, Senior Vice President – Staffing Solutions
Mr. Syam Sundar a Commerce Graduate, has nearly 26 years 
of experience in profit centre operations, sales & marketing, 
business development, large account management and HR 
& staffing solutions. He has successfully implemented 
several operational systems and procedures. he has 
completed leadership and management development 
programs from Kirloskar Institute of Advanced Management 
Studies and Welingkar Institute of Management.
Mr. Anupam Saxena brings over 16 years of 
diverse leadership experience in staffing, 
business strategy, and organizational 
transformation. He holds a Post Graduate 
Diploma in Marketing from the Institute of 
International Business & Research, Pune.
A n n u a l R e p o r t - 2 0 2 6             21

--- page 23 ---
SENIOR MANAGEMENT
Reena Rekulgikar, Head – Human Resources
Ms. Reena Rekulgikar is a dynamic, result-
oriented HR leader with 22 years of 
experience in human resource management. 
She has played a pivotal role in shaping 
Kapston's HR strategy,
fostering a workplace culture rooted in 
excellence, innovation, and inclusivity.
P. S. Raju, Vice President – Soft Services (IFM)
C. Srinivas, Vice President – Security Services
Mr. P.S. Raju brings over two decades of 
experience in manpower sourcing, client 
management, retention and team leadership. 
He has successfully managed Integrated 
Facility Management (IFM) operations across 
sectors including MNCs, BFSI, IT/ITES, 
commercial and residential real estate, 
pharma, FMCG, and healthcare.
With more than 26 years of experience in 
manpower sourcing and client engagement, 
Mr. C. Srinivas leads Kapston's Security 
Services division. A commerce graduate, he is 
also a certified Security Practitioner by the 
Indian Institute of Security and Safety 
Management (IISSM).
A n n u a l R e p o r t - 2 0 2 6             22

--- page 24 ---
SENIOR MANAGEMENT
Nitya Menon, Assistant Vice President – Administration & Procurement 
Ms. Nitya Menon has 22 years of 
multi-domain experience across 
administration, event planning, guest 
relations, marketing, brand consulting and 
HR. She currently heads the Admin & 
Procurement function, handles digital 
marketing and also serves as Executive 
Assistant to the Managing Director. She holds 
a commerce degree.
K. Soma Sekhar, Assistant Vice President – Statutory & Payroll
Abhijeet Vitekar, Assistant Vice President - General Staffing (West)
Mr. Soma Sekhar brings over 16 years of 
experience in Integrated Facility Management 
(IFM), e-Governance, NAPS, statutory 
compliance, payroll and HR operations. He 
currently leads Kapston's Payroll, Statutory 
Compliance, NAPS coordination, and MIS 
functions.
Mr. Abhijeet has over 24 yearsʼ experience in 
Human Resources in Industries like Staffing, BPO, 
KPO and Customer Service. His expertise in Sales, 
Recruitment, Operations, P&L management. Prior 
to joining Kapston Services, Abhijeet was 
associated with Adecco Group, Manpower Group, 
First Meridian Group & SRE HR Services. He has 
an MBA in Operations. In Kapston Abhijeet is 
responsible for P&L of Western Region.
A n n u a l R e p o r t - 2 0 2 6             23

--- page 25 ---
Dr. Ramachandra Naidu Chereddi 
IPS (Retd.), Executive Chairman
Our greatest strength lies not only in the services 
we provide, but in the trust we earn, the people 
we strengthen, and the value we create every single day.
,,
,,
A n n u a l R e p o r t - 2 0 2 6             24

--- page 26 ---
CHAIRMAN'S MESSAGE
Dear Shareholders,
It gives me immense pleasure to present the Annual Report of Kapston Services Limited for the financial year 
2025–26.
The year was marked by resilience, disciplined execution and strategic progress. Despite an evolving economic 
landscape and changing business dynamics, Kapston continued to strengthen its position as a trusted partner in 
workforce management and integrated service solutions. Our commitment to operational excellence, customer 
satisfaction and responsible growth enabled us to deliver sustainable value to all our stakeholders.
During the year, the Company recorded a turnover of INR 83,020 Lakhs, representing a growth of 20% over the 
previous financial year. This performance reflects the confidence our clients have placed in us, the dedication of 
our employees and the strength of our business model. More importantly, it signifies our continued contribution 
towards creating employment opportunities and improving the livelihoods of thousands of individuals and their 
families across the country.
Our core businesses General Staffing, Security Services, Housekeeping, Facility Management, Engineering 
Services and IT Staffing continued to perform steadily while responding to the evolving needs of customers 
across multiple industries. At the same time, we made significant progress in strengthening our Home Services 
business, which represents an important step in our vision of building a comprehensive service ecosystem that 
addresses both enterprise and household needs.
Technology and innovation continued to remain key enablers of our growth. We enhanced our operational 
capabilities through digital initiatives, process automation and data-driven decision-making, allowing us to 
improve service quality, operational efficiency and customer experience. These investments are helping us build 
a more agile, scalable and future-ready organization.
At Kapston, we firmly believe that long-term success is built on strong governance, ethical business practices and 
an unwavering commitment to quality. We remain focused on creating lasting relationships with our customers 
through reliability, transparency and consistent service excellence while pursuing sustainable and profitable 
growth.
Our people remain our greatest asset. Their professionalism, dedication and customer-centric approach continue 
to distinguish Kapston in an increasingly competitive marketplace. I extend my sincere appreciation to every 
member of the Kapston family whose hard work and commitment have contributed to the Company's continued 
success.
Beyond business, we remain committed to creating a positive social impact. Through our Corporate Social 
Responsibility initiatives, we continue to support healthcare, skill development and community welfare. We 
believe that responsible businesses have an important role in building stronger and more inclusive communities.
As we look towards the future, we remain optimistic about the opportunities ahead. India's growing economy, 
increasing formalization of the workforce, rising demand for organized manpower solutions and expanding 
home services market present significant opportunities for Kapston. With a clear strategic direction, a strong 
leadership team and an unwavering focus on excellence, we are confident of delivering sustainable growth and 
creating long-term value for all our stakeholders.
On behalf of the Board of Directors, I express my heartfelt gratitude to our customers, employees, shareholders, 
business partners, bankers and all other stakeholders for their continued trust, confidence and support. We look 
forward to your continued partnership as we build a stronger, more resilient and future-ready Kapston.
I wish you and your families good health, happiness and prosperity.
Thank you,
Dr. Ramachandra Naidu Chereddi 
Executive Chairman, Kapston Services Limited
A n n u a l R e p o r t - 2 0 2 6             25

--- page 27 ---
Mr. Srikanth Kodali
Managing Director
At Kapston, we believe that sustainable success begins with 
people. Every opportunity we create, every partnership we build 
and every milestone we achieve is guided by a clear purpose to 
deliver lasting value for our clients, empower our workforce and 
contribute meaningfully to society
,,
,,
A n n u a l R e p o r t - 2 0 2 6             26

--- page 28 ---
MANAGING DIRECTOR'S MESSAGE
The financial year 2025–26 has been a year of meaningful progress for Kapston Services Limited. In an 
evolving business environment marked by technological disruption, changing workforce dynamics 
and rising customer expectations, we remained focused on what has always been our greatest strength 
our people. Guided by our philosophy of "Leading with People, Growing with Purpose," we continued 
to strengthen our capabilities, expand our reach and create sustainable value for all our stakeholders.
Throughout the year, we enhanced our integrated service offerings across General Staffing, Security 
Services, Integrated Facility Management, Technical Services and IT Staffing. By combining operational 
excellence with technology-enabled solutions, we continued to support businesses across diverse 
sectors with reliable, compliant and scalable workforce solutions tailored to their evolving needs.
As the future of work continues to transform, our commitment extends beyond providing manpower 
solutions. We are investing in digital innovation, skill development and workforce readiness to build an 
agile organization that is prepared for tomorrow's challenges. Through initiatives such as Recruitment 
Process Outsourcing (RPO), apprenticeship programmes under NAPS and NATS and structured 
learning opportunities, we are creating pathways for employment while contributing to India's 
growing workforce ecosystem.
Our growth strategy remains rooted in responsible business practices. We continue to strengthen 
governance, reinforce compliance standards and integrate sustainability into our long-term vision. We 
believe that enduring success is built not only through financial performance but also by earning the 
trust of our clients, employees, investors and the communities we serve.
Looking ahead, we remain optimistic about the opportunities before us. With a clear strategic 
direction, a strong leadership team and an unwavering commitment to excellence, we are well 
positioned to accelerate our growth, deepen customer relationships and expand our presence across 
new markets and service segments.
I extend my sincere appreciation to our employees for their passion and dedication, our clients for their 
continued trust, our Board of Directors for their guidance and our shareholders for their unwavering 
confidence in our vision. Your support inspires us to continue raising the benchmark for excellence in 
workforce solutions.
As we move forward, we will remain steadfast in our commitment to leading with people, growing with 
purpose and building a future that creates lasting value for every stakeholder.
Thank you,
Srikanth Kodali
Managing Director
A n n u a l R e p o r t - 2 0 2 6             27

--- page 29 ---
1. Diverse & Inclusive Workforce
• 38% women employees, reflecting our focus on 
gender diversity.
• Equal opportunities and an inclusive, safe and 
respectful workplace.
• Employment opportunities for Persons with 
Disabilities (PwD).
2. Employment & Digital Transformation
• Thousands of employment opportunities 
facilitated every month.
• Digital platforms support job discovery, 
recruitment, onboarding and attendance.
• Technology-driven processes enhance efficiency 
and transparency.
3. Environmental Responsibility
• Increased use of digital processes to reduce 
paper consumption.
• Focus on energy and water conservation and 
responsible waste management.
• Use of biodegradable alternatives and eco-
friendly products.
• Responsible disposal of used uniforms and 
workplace materials.
4. Community Impact
• S k i l l  d e v e l o p m e n t  a n d  e m p l o y m e n t 
opportunities for youth in Tier-2, Tier-3 towns 
and rural areas.
• Health camps and blood donation initiatives 
supporting community well-being.
5. Governance & Ethics
• Strong focus on quality, safety, information 
security and ethical business practices.
• Robust policies covering data privacy, human 
rights, compliance and workplace conduct.
• Zero tolerance for unethical conduct, 
discrimination, harassment and human rights 
violations.
Robust Code of Conduct
Integrity, transparency and accountability remain 
fundamental to the way we conduct our business. 
Our Code of Conduct and internal policies guide 
employees and stakeholders towards responsible 
and ethical decision-making.
We maintain a zero-tolerance approach to 
discrimination, harassment, unethical conduct, data 
privacy violations and human rights concerns, 
reinforcing our commitment to building a trusted 
and responsible institution.
As a leading Human Capital Solutions provider, Kapston Services Limited remains committed to 
integrating Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) principles into our business practices. Our 
approach is centred on creating meaningful employment opportunities, fostering an inclusive workplace, 
operating responsibly, and generating sustainable value for our stakeholders and communities.
People, Planet & Purpose
Our commitment to responsible growth and positive impact.
A n n u a l R e p o r t - 2 0 2 6             28

--- page 30 ---
Corporate Social Responsibility
Supporting People. Strengthening Communities. Creating Impact.
At Kapston Services Limited, we believe that sustainable growth is 
meaningful when it creates a positive difference in the lives of people and 
communities. Our commitment to social responsibility is rooted in 
compassion, dignity and the belief that every individual deserves access 
to support and essential healthcare.
During the year, we extended financial assistance to individuals from 
economically weaker sections who were affected by severe burn injuries. 
Through timely support, we aimed to ease the financial burden faced by 
families and provide assistance during some of their most challenging 
moments.
As part of our focus on community health, we also conducted free 
medical camps for the public, offering basic health check-ups and 
medical kits at no cost. These initiatives helped improve access to 
primary healthcare while creating greater awareness around preventive 
health practices.
The camps also placed emphasis on Type 1 diabetes awareness among 
children, encouraging parents and families to recognise early signs, 
understand the importance of timely medical attention and adopt 
informed health practices.
Our social initiatives reflect Kapston's belief that responsible business is 
about more than delivering results it is about creating opportunities, 
supporting those in need and contributing to healthier and stronger 
communities.
We remain committed to expanding our social impact through initiatives 
that address genuine community needs and create lasting value for 
society.
A n n u a l R e p o r t - 2 0 2 6             29

--- page 31 ---
Annual Report -2026              
30
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS REPORT
COMPANY OVERVIEW
Kapston Services Limited (Kapston) is an end-to-end manpower solutions provider offering staffing, integrated 
facility management, security and allied workforce services across India. 
Kapston has built its operating model around workforce deployment, training, compliance, technology-enabled 
attendance and employee-management systems, and multi-location service delivery. As of FY 2025–26, the 
Company reported more than 30,000 people employed and over 800 clients served. Its service portfolio and 
geographic presence provide a platform for continued expansion across both traditional enterprise services 
and emerging technology-enabled service categories. 
During FY 2025–26, Kapston also entered the Business-to-Consumer home-services market through the 
incorporation of Kapston Home Services Private Limited (KHSPL). The new subsidiary is intended to provide 
cleaning, beauty and spa services, electrical, plumbing and carpentry services, air-conditioner repairs, painting 
and other allied household services. This initiative represents a strategic extension of Kapston’s existing 
capabilities in recruitment, verification, training, supervision and service execution into the consumer market.
Economic Environment
Global Economy
The global economy in 2026–27 is projected to grow at 3.0% in 2026 and recover to 3.4% in 2027, as per the 
IMF’s July 2026 World Economic Outlook Update, continuing its cautious recovery from recent geopolitical, 
macroeconomic, and climate-linked challenges, including the ongoing conflict in West Asia. However, this 
recovery is unbalanced. Advanced economies are expected to grow at a modest 1.7% in 2026 and 1.8% in 
2027, constrained by demographic shifts, supply chain recalibration, and cautious fiscal spending. Meanwhile, 
emerging market and developing economies, projected to grow at 3.8% in 2026 and accelerate to 4.5% in 
2027, and particularly those in Asia, remain global growth engines, benefiting from industrial expansion, digital 
transformation, and improved consumption.
Trade diversification, the rise of green technology, and resilient infrastructure investment are shaping 
future economic priorities. Businesses worldwide are adapting to energy transition, and AI-led productivity 
enhancements. Global economies are continue to be benefiting from strong domestic demand, improved 
export performance and targeted government support measures aimed at sustaining economic momentum. 
Asian economies continue to outperform the global average with growth driven by robust domestic demand, 
industrial expansion and technological advancements. Conversely, emerging markets—particularly in 
Asia—remain the primary global growth engines, expanding rapidly fueled by industrial expansion, digital 
adoption, and vibrant domestic consumption. Trade diversification, green tech investments, and resilient urban 
infrastructure remain pivotal priorities. Across all markets, enterprise adoption, clean energy transitions, and 
AI-led operational efficiency continues to define the commercial ecosystem.
For Kapston, the principal implication is the need to maintain sectoral diversification, control operating costs, 
improve workforce productivity and expand into segments where demand is supported by structural factors.
Indian Economy 
India remains a beacon of growth in the global landscape, solidifying its position as one of the fastest- growing 
economies in the world. In FY 2026–27, India’s GDP is estimated at approximately $4.1-4.2 trillion, keeping it 
firmly on track toward the $5 Trillion milestone. GDP growth is forecasted at more than 6.4%, with estimates 
from the IMF, RBI and World Bank clustering in the 6.4%-6.6% range, underpinned by sustained domestic 
demand, robust infrastructure spending, and improved ease of doing business. Key drivers include:
• Retail inflation, projected by the RBI at around 5.1% for FY 2026-27 and remaining comfortably within the 
RBI’s 2-6% tolerance band, maintained through calibrated monetary policy actions.
• Sectoral Synergies: Strong momentum across manufacturing and services sectors, amplified by the Make-
in-India and Digital India frameworks. 
• Foreign Direct Investment (FDI): Robust private equity and FDI inflows into logistics, renewable energy, 
fintech, and tech-enabled service platforms. Surge in FDI and private equity interest in sectors like logistics, 
clean energy, and fintech.

--- page 32 ---
Annual Report -2026              
31
• Demographic Capital: A rising working-age population coupled with rapid urban household formation, 
accelerating demand for tech-integrated business and home services.
• Manufacturing & Service Sector: Strong performance across manufacturing and services.
India’s demographic dividend, combined with its vibrant startup ecosystem and structural reforms, places it 
at the heart of the next global economic shift. India’s large working-age population provides a substantial 
labour pool, although skill gaps, attrition, migration and the need for continuous training remain important 
challenges. Investment in infrastructure continues to be a major driver of India’s economic growth. The Central 
Government’s ongoing reforms to improve the ease of doing business alongside a stable macroeconomic 
environment, have made India an attractive destination for investments. 
INDUSTRY STRUCTURE AND DEVELOPMENTS
Staffing Services
India’s staffing services sector continues to grow at an impressive pace, with the organized staffing market 
projected to maintain a CAGR of over 13.2%. This growth is driven by structural economic changes, increased 
formalization of employment, and the rising need for flexible workforce solutions across industries such as 
e-com/Q-com, healthcare, logistics, manufacturing, retail, BFSI/NBFC services and other services. Staffing 
companies are rapidly evolving into tech-enabled platforms. Automation, applicant tracking systems (ATS), 
predictive analytics, and AI-powered talent acquisition tools are becoming the norm. These innovations help 
organizations in precise candidate matching, improved hiring speed, and reduced onboarding costs. Meanwhile, 
the rise of the gig economy and freelance platforms in white-collar and skilled services is expanding the 
workforce supply chain beyond traditional boundaries.
While the IT staffing segment faced a temporary slowdown due to global economic uncertainties and reduced 
discretionary tech spending from Western economies, the industry is now witnessing a renewed wave of 
demand across sectors. Additionally, demand for niche tech talent in areas such as generative AI, blockchain, 
and digital finance is reshaping the recruitment landscape. However, the rapid digitalization is also pushing 
traditional staffing firms to reinvent their business models. Success in this sector will now depend on agility, 
scalability, tech-integration, and the ability to offer end-to-end workforce lifecycle management solutions.
Facility Management Services (FMS)
The Integrated Facility Management (IFM) industry in India is undergoing a strategic transformation, evolving 
from a cost-center utility service to a strategic enabler of workplace efficiency, sustainability, and employee 
experience. Valued at over ₹50,000 crores in the organized sector alone, the FM industry is projected to grow 
at a CAGR of 7.37% -9.3% between 2025 and 2030, Key growth drivers including the rise of smart and green 
buildings across metro and Tier 1 cities. ESG-driven operations, mandating energy-efficient, zero-carbon, and 
health-compliant infrastructure. Integration of IoT, Building Management Systems (BMS), AI/ML, and robotics 
for predictive maintenance and real-time operations. Last but not the least Increased demand from SEZs, data 
centers, retail chains, and hospitality segments for integrated, multi-location service delivery.
Workplace dynamics have also shifted dramatically with hybrid and flexible work models, leading to demand for 
agile space management, workplace experience platforms, and tech-driven compliance solutions. Global clients 
increasingly prefer end-to-end FM partners capable of providing bundled services covering housekeeping, 
MEP , horticulture, and utility management. 
Security Services
India’s private security industry, already the largest in the world with over 11 million guards, continues to 
expand at a steady CAGR of 4.8%, buoyed by increasing demand across commercial, industrial, residential, 
and infrastructure sectors. New trends defining the future of security services include: Deployment of AI-
powered surveillance, facial recognition, and integrated control rooms. Increasing need for specialized security 
for sectors like logistics hubs, SEZs, manufacturing plants, gated communities, and critical infrastructure.
Growing awareness around data privacy, and cyber-physical security convergence. Client expectations are 
evolving from simple manpower-based guarding to outcome-based and technology-integrated solutions. 
There is a strong push towards skill standardization, professional training, and adherence to PSARA norms. 
Security companies are also investing in command-and-control platforms, incident response systems, and real-
time patrol analytics, offering clients better visibility and risk mitigation. Organized security service providers 
with capabilities in technology, and training are expected to lead the consolidation phase over the coming 
years.

--- page 33 ---
Annual Report -2026              
32
Tech-Based Home Services Platform
The home-services market is gradually moving from an unorganised, referral-based model toward a structured 
and technology-enabled ecosystem. Urban consumers increasingly seek convenience, transparent pricing, 
verified service professionals, digital bookings, cashless payments and quality assurance.
India’s home services industry, valued at approximately ₹5,100-5,210 billion (~US$60 billion) in FY 2024-25, is 
undergoing a structural shift from an overwhelmingly unorganized, referral-driven market to a technology-
enabled ecosystem. The overall market is projected to grow at a 18% - 22% CAGR to reach approximately 
₹8,500-8,800 billion (~US$90 billion) by FY 2030. Within this, online full-stack platforms, though still a small 
fraction of the overall market, are the fastest-growing segment, expanding at an 18-22% CAGR as urban 
consumers increasingly value verified, on-demand, and subscription-based services over unorganized local 
providers.
The Indian home services market is witnessing a period of rapid formalization and transformation, driven 
by growing urbanization, lifestyle shifts, and increasing digital adoption. With urban consumers seeking 
convenience, hygiene, and trust, the market is evolving from an unorganized sector dominated by local service 
providers to a structured, technology-led ecosystem. The size of the addressable market is projected to grow 
to ₹8,800  billion by 2030, fuelled by:
• Urbanisation and increasing household formation.
• Growth in dual-income and nuclear households.
• Rising demand for professional cleaning and maintenance.
• Greater awareness of safety, hygiene and verification.
• Increasing smartphone and digital-payment adoption.
• Under-penetration of organised services in Tier 2 and Tier 3 cities.
High-frequency category (Cleaning + InstaAssist + Beauty): These are daily to monthly repeat services, forming 
the backbone of household needs. Their high usage frequency ensures consistent demand, strong customer 
stickiness, and predictable revenue streams. The rapid shift in urban lifestyles, rising dual-income households, 
and increasing preference for convenience-led solutions have created a strong demand for “instant home 
services” and “Quick maid support” in the B2C segment. Customers today seek reliable, professionally man -
aged assistance that can be accessed within minutes, driving the emergence of hyperlocal, on-demand service 
models. Instant services, typically delivered within 15–30 minutes, cater to urgent needs such as emergen -
cy cleaning, kitchen reset, basic home assistance, offering a premium, time-saving alternative to traditional 
arrangements.
Kapston Home Services Private Limited can potentially leverage the Group’s recruitment, background-verifica-
tion, training and workforce-management capabilities. However, the business will require disciplined customer 
acquisition, reliable service fulfilment, technology investment and strong quality-control systems.     

--- page 34 ---
Annual Report -2026              
33
OPPORTUNITIES AND THREATS PRODUCT – WISE
TYPE OF SERVICE OPPORTUNITIES THREATS
Staffing Services Expansion in logistics, e-commerce, healthcare, 
manufacturing, retail, BFSI/NBFC and skilled 
staffing; rising formalisation; technology-enabled 
workforce management.
Competition from traditional and 
digital staffing platforms; talent 
shortages; candidate dropouts; 
margin pressure.
Facility 
Management 
Services
Growth in integrated contracts; commercial real 
estate, hospitals, logistics parks, data centres and 
residential communities; demand for technology-
enabled and ESG-aligned operations.
Fragmented competition; pricing 
pressure from unorganised players; 
technical-skill shortages; high 
front-line attrition; increasing 
compliance expectations.
Security Services Demand from infrastructure, logistics, residential, 
industrial and institutional clients; opportunities 
in surveillance, access control, specialised 
guarding and command-centre services.
Pricing competition; training and 
skill gaps; high attrition; need for 
continuous technology investment 
and upskilling.
Tech-Based 
Home Services 
Platform
Large unorganised market; growing urban 
demand; cross-utilisation of verified manpower; 
opportunities in cleaning, repair, maintenance, 
beauty and allied services; expansion into smaller 
cities.
Strong competition from 
established platforms; high 
customer acquisition cost; service 
quality inconsistency; technology 
and cybersecurity risk; price 
competition from local providers.
SEGMENT - WISE/PRODUCT - WISE PERFORMANCE - 2025-26
Staffing Services
The staffing business continued to benefit from demand across manufacturing, healthcare, e-commerce, 
logistics, FMCG, BFSI/NBFC and other service sectors. The shift toward flexible workforce models supported 
demand for contract staffing and outsourced manpower.
Key operational priorities during the year included:
• Digital employee onboarding and KYC-based registration.
• Mobile attendance with geo-tagging and geo-fencing.
• Employee self-service applications.
• Workforce deployment and attendance visibility.
• Sector-specific recruitment and training.
• Expansion of the client and candidate network.
Facility Management Services (FMS)
TThe facility-management business continued to operate in an environment where customers increasingly 
sought integrated and measurable service delivery. Opportunities remained available in commercial buildings, 
residential communities, healthcare, education, logistics, manufacturing and other institutional segments.
The key focus areas were:
• Service-quality monitoring.
• Workforce attendance and deployment control.
• Preventive maintenance and technical support.
• Integrated service delivery.
• Digital communication and reporting.

--- page 35 ---
Annual Report -2026              
34
Security Services
Security services remained an important part of Kapston’s end-to-end manpower offering. The Company 
continued to focus on trained personnel, client-specific deployment and operational supervision.
The segment’s development priorities include:
• Training and skill enhancement.
• Background verification.
• Access-control and surveillance support.
• Digital incident and patrol reporting.
• Deployment of personnel suited to sector-specific requirements.
• Improved welfare and compliance processes.
Home Services Technology Platform
Kapston Home Services Private Limited is incorporated as a new subsidiary and strategic B2C initiative. Its 
proposed service categories include cleaning, beauty and spa services, electrical, plumbing and carpentry 
services, air-conditioner repairs, painting and other allied home services. 
The platform is expected to be developed around the following principles:
• Start with selected service categories and pilot markets.
• Use trained and verified service professionals.
• Introduce digital booking and scheduling.
• Provide transparent pricing and customer feedback.
• Monitor service quality and complaint resolution.
• Test unit economics before large-scale expansion.
• Use Kapston’s existing manpower and operating capabilities wherever practical.
As this is an early-stage vertical, management should monitor customer acquisition cost, repeat-booking rate, 
contribution margin, fulfilment time, cancellation rate, professional utilisation and customer satisfaction.
Risks and Mitigation
Staffing Services - Risks
Shortage of personnel with emerging technical and digital skills.
• Candidate dropouts before joining.
• High attrition in certain workforce categories.
• Competition from digital recruitment and staffing platforms.
• Margin pressure in price-sensitive contracts.
Mitigation
Kapston intends to reduce concentration risk through sectoral diversification, strengthen candidate engagement, 
use digital onboarding and attendance tools, improve training, and maintain close client coordination regarding 
workforce requirements.
Facility Management Services - Risks
• Shortage of technical personnel in MEP , HVAC and automation.
• High front-line workforce attrition.
• Price competition from unorganised service providers.
• Increasing customer demand for measurable ESG and service outcomes.

--- page 36 ---
Annual Report -2026              
35
Mitigation
The Company’s mitigation priorities include skill development, site-level supervision, preventive maintenance, 
documented compliance, digital reporting, service-quality audits and selective focus on integrated contracts 
where it can provide greater value than single-service competitors.
Security Services - Risks
• Training and standardisation gaps.
• Wage and welfare risks.
• High attrition in urban locations.
• Technology-adoption requirements.
• Reputational damage arising from operational incidents.
Mitigation
Kapston can mitigate these risks through structured recruitment, background verification, induction and 
refresher training, supervisory checks, digital incident reporting, operational monitoring and adoption of 
suitable surveillance and communication tools.
INDUSTRY OUTLOOK
Staffing Services
The outlook for staffing remains positive because businesses increasingly value workforce flexibility and faster 
deployment. Demand is expected to broaden beyond traditional logistics and e-commerce into manufacturing, 
healthcare, retail, BFSI/NBFC, EV services, tourism and technology-enabled operations and other industries.
Staffing companies that combine scale with digital tools, sector expertise, training and compliance are likely to 
be better positioned than purely transactional recruitment agencies.
Facility Management Services (FM)
Facility management is expected to benefit from infrastructure development, commercial real estate, hospitals, 
data centres, logistics parks, residential communities and other institutional expansion. Customers are likely to 
prefer integrated contracts supported by technology, measurable service levels and compliance capabilities.
The sector’s profitability will depend on disciplined bidding, manpower productivity, retention, contract 
execution and the ability to differentiate on service quality rather than price alone.
Security Services
Security demand should remain supported by the growth of industrial, commercial, residential, logistics and 
institutional infrastructure. The industry is gradually shifting toward a combined model of trained manpower, 
technology support, real-time monitoring and incident management.
Training, technology integration, compliance and the ability to deliver specialised services will remain key 
competitive factors.
Tech-Based Home Services Platform
The home-services market provides a long-term growth opportunity, but the path to profitability may require 
measured expansion. The market remains fragmented, and organised platforms must establish trust, repeat 
usage and reliable service fulfilment.
Kapston’s potential differentiation lies in combining an app-led consumer interface with its established 
capabilities in workforce sourcing, verification, training, supervision and compliance. The Company should 
nevertheless scale the business only after validating customer retention, professional utilisation and contribution 
economics.
The Indian online home services category is expected to remain one of the fastest-growing consumer-internet 
segments over the next five years, with online full-stack platforms growing at an 18-22% CAGR against 10-11% 
for the overall home services market. 

--- page 37 ---
Annual Report -2026              
36
INTERNAL CONTROL SYSTEMS AND THEIR ADEQUACY
The management of the company has established a robust framework of internal financial controls to ensure 
smooth and efficient operation of the business. These controls are designed to safeguard the company’s assets, 
prevent and detect fraud & errors, and ensure the accuracy & completeness of financial records. The system 
also supports the timely preparation of reliable financial disclosures, ensuring that the company’s reporting 
is transparent and compliant with applicable laws and regulations. The company has implemented a set of 
policies and procedures that guide the orderly conduct of business activities. These policies ensure adherence 
to the company’s standards and provide clear directives on operational processes. Measures have been put in 
place to protect the company’s assets from unauthorized access, loss or damage. Regular audits and checks are 
conducted to ensure that assets are managed effectively and are accounted for accurately. The internal control 
system includes mechanisms for the early detection of fraud and errors. These mechanisms are designed to 
identify irregularities in operations or financial reporting promptly, enabling timely corrective action. 
The company maintains detailed and precise accounting records that reflect all financial transactions accurately. 
This ensures that the financial statements present a true and fair view of the company’s financial position. 
The internal controls are aligned with the objective of ensuring that all financial disclosures are reliable and 
are prepared in a timely manner. This helps in maintaining the trust of stakeholders and complying with 
regulatory requirements. The Audit Committee of the Board plays a crucial role in overseeing the internal audit 
function. Regular updates and presentations from internal auditors keep the committee informed about the 
effectiveness of the internal controls. This ongoing oversight ensures that any risks are managed pro- actively 
and that the internal control system remains effective in achieving the company’s objectives. The company’s 
internal control system is designed to be commensurate with the nature, size and complexity of its operations. 
It provides reasonable assurance that the company’s objectives, in terms of operational efficiency, financial 
reporting reliability and compliance with laws & regulations are being met. The internal audit function, under 
the guidance of the Audit Committee, provides further assurance that these controls are effective and that key 
business risks are being managed appropriately.
MATERIAL DEVELOPMENTS ON HUMAN RESOURCES /  
INDUSTRIAL RELATIONS FRONT
Growth in Workforce: As of March 2026 the total number of personnel, including trainees and apprentices are 
more than 30,000 This marks a significant increase from  28,000 personnel recorded in March 2025. This growth 
reflects the company’s expanding operations and its workforce to meet increasing business demands. Also the 
number of back office staff was 452 as of March 2026, showing a slight increase from 372 in March 2025. This 
stability in the back office workforce indicates the company’s efforts to maintain operational efficiency, while 
managing administrative functions effectively.
The significant increase in personnel, including trainees and apprentices, underscores the company’s focus on 
training and development. By investing in the growth of its workforce, the company ensures that its employees 
are well-equipped to meet the challenges of the evolving business landscape. The company continues to 
maintain harmonious industrial relations, fostering a positive working environment that supports employee 
engagement and productivity. The proactive management of industrial relations ensures that any potential 
issues are addressed promptly, contributing to the overall stability and growth of the organization.
The company’s human resources strategy remains focused on building a skilled, motivated and efficient 
workforce, which is crucial for sustaining growth and achieving business objectives in the coming years.

--- page 38 ---
Annual Report -2026              
37
FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE (Standalone)
(INR in Lakhs)
Particulars 2025-26 2024-25
Revenue from operations 83032.35 68870.17
EBITDA 4567.79 3175.04
Less: Finance Costs 1429.78 1221.55
Less: Depreciation and amortization expenses 402.52 449.47
Profit before prior period items 2735.49 1504.02
Prior period items 0 0
Profit before tax 2735.49 1504.02
Less: Current Tax 253.16 0
Deferred Tax (320.07) (279.36)
Profit available for appropriations/Loss 2802.40 1783.38
Basic Earnings per Share (Rs.) 9.21 5.86
Diluted Earnings per Share (Rs.) 9.21 5.86
Paid up share capital
(Face value of INR 5 each)
1521.61 1014.41
DISCUSSION ON FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE WITH RESPECT TO 
OPERATIONAL PERFORMANCE (STANDALONE)
Revenue Growth: The company achieved a Excellent revenue growth of 20.67%, reaching INR 83,206.73 Lakhs 
in FY 2025-26 compared to the previous financial year. This significant increase in revenue reflects the com -
pany’s continued operational performance and its ability to capitalize on growth opportunities across various 
business segments.
EBITDA: The Earnings Before Interest, Taxes, Depreciation and Amortization (EBITDA) increased by 43.87%, 
rising from INR 3,175.04 Lakhs in FY 2024-25 to INR 4,567.79 Lakhs in FY 2025-26. This improvement in EBITDA 
is a positive sign of the company’s ability to enhance profitability through increased scale and efficiency.
Finance Costs: Finance costs saw an increase to INR 1,429.78 Lakhs from INR 1,221.55 Lakhs, primarily due to 
higher working capital utilization driven by business growth. While the increase in finance costs reflects the 
need for additional resources to support expanding operations, it also highlights the importance of managing 
working capital effectively to ensure sustainable financial performance.
Depreciation: Depreciation costs increased by INR 46.95 Lakhs on account of management estimates of the 
future useful lives of certain class of property, plant and equipment .
Taxation: As per Section 80JJAA of the Income Tax Act, 1961, the company has recognized a Deferred Tax 
Asset due to timing differences between the Income Tax Act and the Companies Act. As a result, the company 
recorded a tax income of INR 320.07 Lakhs in FY 2025-26, compared to a tax income of INR 279.36 Lakhs in FY 
2024-25.
The company’s financial performance in FY 2025-26 demonstrates robust growth and effective management 
of resources. The significant increase in revenue and EBITDA, coupled with prudent management of finance 
costs and depreciation, has positioned the company well for continued success. The positive tax outcome 
further enhances the financial results, contributing to overall profitability. The alignment between operational 
achievements and financial outcomes underscores the company’s strategic focus on sustainable growth and 
value creation for its stakeholders.

--- page 39 ---
Annual Report -2026              
38
RATIO ANALYSIS FOR FY 2025-2026
In accordance with Schedule V(B) of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Dis -
closure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, the following is an analysis of the financial ratios for the fiscal year 
2025-2026:
Particulars             2025-26 2024-25
Debtors Turnover (No. of Times) 4.51 4.74
Inventory Turnover (No. of Times) 1.58 1.57
Interest Coverage Ratio (No. of Times) 2.91 2.23
Current Ratio (No. of Times) 1.44 1.36
Debt Equity Ratio 1.50 1.81
Operating Profit Margin (%) 5.02 3.96
Net Profit Margin (%) 3.38 2.59
Return on Net Worth (%) 27.33 22.23

--- page 40 ---
Annual Report -2026              
39
 BOARD’S REPORT 
Dear Members,
The Board of Directors (“Board”) of Kapston Services Limited (“Kapston” or “Company”) have immense pleasure 
in presenting the 18th Annual Report on the business and operations of your company together with the 
Audited (Standalone & Consolidated)  Financial Statements for the financial year ended March 31, 2026
1.  FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS  
 The summarized Financial Statements of your Company are given in the following table below: 
Particulars
(INR in Lakhs, except per equity share data)
Consolidated Standalone
2025-26 2024-25 2025-26 2024-25
Revenue from Operations 83,020.04 68,943.16 83,032.35 68,870.17
EBITDA 4,545.81 3,175.00 4,567.79 3,175.04
Less: Finance Costs 1,422.23 1,221.58 1,429.78 1,221.55
Less: Depreciation and amortization 
expenses
388.83 449.47 402.52 449.47
Profit before prior period items 2,734.75 1,503.95 2,735.49 1,504.02
Prior period items -- -- -- --
Profit before tax 2,734.75 1,503.95 2,735.49 1,504.02
Less: Current Tax 242.39 0.21 253.16 --
 Deferred Tax  (320.81) (279.90) (320.07) (279.36)
Profit Available for appropriations/Loss 2,813.17 1,783.65 2,802.40 1,783.38
Basic Earnings per Share (Rs.) 9.24 5.86 9.21 5.86
Diluted Earnings per Share (Rs.) 9.24 5.86 9.21 5.86
Previous year figures have been regrouped/rearranged wherever necessary.
A detailed performance analysis on various segments, business and operations were provided in the 
Management Discussion and Analysis Report which is annexed to this report.
2.  STATE OF AFFAIRS/ COMPANY’S PERFORMANCE
 The Company is a provider of various Manpower Solutions which includes General Staffing, Security 
Services, Integrated Facilities Management Services and IT Staffing Services as per client’s requirements. 
 Standalone
 The Company recorded a total turnover including other income at INR 83,206.73 Lakhs (Previous Year 
INR 68,951.64 Lakhs) up by 20.67 %; The Profit before Tax stood at INR 2,735.49 Lakhs (Previous year 
INR 1,504.02 Lakhs) up by 81.88%; and the Net Profit after Tax and other comprehensive income at INR 
2,736.26 Lakhs (Previous year INR 1,729.95 Lakhs) up by 58.17%.
 Consolidated
 The Company recorded a total turnover including other income at INR 83,189.10 Lakhs (Previous Year 
INR 69,023.18 Lakhs) up by 20.52%; The Profit before Tax stood at INR 2,734.75 Lakhs (Previous year 
INR 1,503.95 Lakhs) up by 81.83%; and the Net Profit after Tax and other comprehensive income at INR 
2,747.02 Lakhs (Previous year INR 1,730.23 Lakhs) up by 58.77%.
3.  SUBSIDIARIES, ASSOCIATES AND JOINT VENTURE COMPANIES
 As on March 31, 2026, the Company has Two (2) Wholly Owned Subsidiaries and One (1) Subsidiary 
Company. There are no Joint Ventures or Associate Companies within the meaning of the Companies 
Act, 2013 (“the Act”). There has been no material change in the nature of the business of the subsidiaries. 
Pursuant to first proviso to Sub-Section (3) of Section 129 read with Rule 5 of Companies (Accounts) 
Rules, 2014, a statement containing the salient features of the financial statements of the Company’s 
subsidiaries / associates / Joint Ventures of the Company in Form AOC-1, is attached as Annexure-I to 

--- page 41 ---
Annual Report -2026              
40
this report. Further, the Company’s policy on determining the material subsidiaries, as approved by the 
Board, is available on the Company’s website at www.kapstonservices.com.
4.  CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 Consolidated financial statements have been prepared by the Company in accordance with the relevant 
accounting standards issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India (ICAI) and as per the 
provisions of Section 129(3) of the Companies Act, 2013 and as per SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“SEBI Listing Regulations”).
 Further, pursuant to the provisions of Section 136 of the Act, the financial statements including the 
consolidated financial statements, along with the relevant document’s forms part of this annual report 
and are available on the website of the Company  . Any member desirous of inspecting or obtaining a 
copy of the said financial statements may write to the Company Secretary of the Company at email ID: 
cs@kapstonservices.com.
5.  CHANGE IN NATURE OF BUSINESS
 During the year under review, there has been no change in the nature of business of the Company.
6.  DIVIDEND  
 The Board of Directors of the Company has not recommended Dividend for the financial year ended 
March 31, 2026.
7.  LISTING OF EQUITY SHARES
 The security name of the Company on National Stock Exchange of India Limited is Kapston Services 
Limited and NSE scrip symbol is ‘KAPSTON’.
 The company has paid the listing fee for the financial year 2025-26.
8.  TRANSFER TO RESERVES
 For the financial period under review, your Company has proposed not to transfer any amount to the 
General Reserves.
9.  TRANSFER OF UNCLAIMED DIVIDEND TO INVESTOR EDUCATION AND PROTECTION 
FUND
 The provisions of Section 124 of Companies Act, 2013 are not applicable as the Company has not 
completed seven years from the date of declaration of dividend.
10.  SHARE CAPITAL
 During the financial year under review, the Members of the Company, through a Postal Ballot concluded 
on February 28, 2026, approved the increase in the authorised share capital of the Company from 
Rs.11,50,00,000 (Rupees Eleven Crores Fifty Lakhs Only) divided into 2,30,00,000 equity shares of Rs. 
5 each to Rs. 20,00,00,000 (Rupees Twenty Crores Only) divided into 4,00,00,000 equity shares of Rs. 5 
each.
 The Members also approved the issue of 1,01,44,061 fully paid-up bonus equity shares of Rs. 5 each in 
the ratio of 1 (One) bonus equity share for every 2 (Two) existing fully paid-up equity shares held by the 
eligible shareholders, by capitalising a sum not exceeding Rs. 507.21 lakhs from the available reserves 
(including securities premium).
 Consequent to the above, as on March 31, 2026, the authorised share capital of the Company stood 
at Rs. 20,00,00,000 (Rupees Twenty Crores Only) divided into 4,00,00,000 equity shares of Rs. 5 each, 
and the issued, subscribed and paid-up share capital stood at Rs. 15,21,60,915 divided into 3,04,32,183 
equity shares of Rs. 5 each.
 During the financial year under review, your Company has not issued any shares with differential rights 
and hence no information as per the provisions of Section 43(a)(ii) of the Companies Act, 2013 (hereinafter 
referred as “the Act”) read with Rule 4(4) of the Companies (Share Capital and Debenture) Rules, 2014 is 
furnished and the Company has not issued any stock options to its employees. 

--- page 42 ---
Annual Report -2026              
41
11.  EMPLOYEES STOCK OPTION SCHEME
 There is no employees stock option scheme being implemented by the Company.
12.  PARTICULARS OF LOANS, GUARANTEES AND INVESTMENTS 
 Details of Loans, Guarantees and Investments made during the financial year ended March 31, 2026, 
covered under the provisions of Section 186 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Companies (Meetings 
of Board and its Powers) Rules, 2014, are given in the notes to the Financial Statements.
13.  DEPOSITS 
 During the year under review, the Company has neither invited nor accepted deposits from the public/
members under Section 73 of the Act, read with the Companies (Acceptance of Deposits) Rules, 2014.
14.  PARTICULARS OF CONTRACTS OR ARRANGEMENTS WITH RELATED PARTY 
 During the Year under review, all contracts / arrangements / transactions entered by the Company with 
related parties were in the ordinary course of business and on an arm’s length basis. The particulars of 
such contracts or arrangements with related parties are enclosed in Form AOC-2 as “Annexure-II” to 
this report. Further details of related party transactions are provided in Notes to Financial Statements 
(both Standalone and Consolidated).
 The policy on dealing with RPT as approved by the Board is uploaded on the Company’s website at: 
www.kapstonservices.com 
15.  RISK MANAGEMENT 
 Risk management is the process of identification, assessment and prioritization of risks followed by 
coordinated efforts to minimize, monitor and mitigate/control the probability and/or impact of 
unfortunate events to maximize the realization of opportunities. The company has initiated a process of 
preparing a comprehensive risk assessment and minimization procedure. These procedures are meant 
to ensure that executive management controls risk by way of a defined framework. The major risks 
are being identified by the company and its mitigation process/measures being formulated in areas of 
operations, recruitment, financial processes and reporting, human resources and statutory compliance.
16.  MATERIAL CHANGES AND COMMITMENT AFFECTING FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE 
COMPANY FROM THE END OF THE FINANCIAL YEAR TILL THE DATE OF THE REPORT
 Other than those mentioned in this Report, there has been no material changes and commitments, 
affecting the financial position of your Company having occurred between the end of the financial year 
to which the financial statements relate and the date of this Report. Further, it is hereby confirmed that 
there has been no change in the nature of business of the Company.
17.  DISCLOSURE UNDER SEXUAL HARASSMENT OF WOMEN AT WORKPLACE 
(PREVENTION, PROHIBITION, AND REDRESSAL) ACT, 2013 
 The Company is committed to provide a safe and conducive work environment to its employees and has 
zero tolerance towards any actions which may fall under the ambit of sexual harassment at the workplace. 
The Company has adopted a policy on prevention, prohibition and redressal of sexual harassment at the 
workplace in line with the provisions of the Sexual Harassment of Women at Workplace (Prevention, 
Prohibition and Redressal) Act, 2013 and the rules thereunder. The Policy aims to promote a healthy work 
environment and to provide protection to employees at the workplace and redress complaints of sexual 
harassment and related matters thereto. 
 The policy on prevention of sexual harassment is available on the website of the company at  
https://kapstonservices.com/investors/#policies 
 An Internal Complaints Committee, known as the Prevention of Sexual Harassment (POSH) Committee, 
has been constituted to enquire into complaints, and to recommend appropriate action, wherever 
required in compliance with the provisions of the Act. All employees (Permanent, Contractual, temporary, 
trainees) are covered under this policy.

--- page 43 ---
Annual Report -2026              
42
The present composition of ICC is as under
• Ms. Reena Rekulgikar - Presiding Officer
• Ms. Sandhya Talur Vudhar  - Member
• Ms. Nitya Menon – Member
• Mr. Vishnu Mora- Member
• Ms. Renuka Chadalawada – NGO
The following is a summary of sexual harassment complaints received and disposed off during the year:
S. No Particulars Status of the No. of complaints  
received and disposed of
1 Number of complaints on Sexual harassment 
received in the year
Nil
2 Number of Complaints disposed off during the year Nil
3 Number of cases pending for more than ninety days Not Applicable
4 Number of workshops or awareness programme 
against sexual harassment carried out
The Company regularly conducts necessary 
awareness programs for its employees.
5 Nature of action taken by the employer or district 
officer
Not Applicable
18.  MEETINGS OF THE BOARD
 During the year under review, 5 (Five) Meetings of the Board were held as per the Standards as outlined 
in the Secretarial Standard – I. The maximum gap between two consecutive board meetings was within 
the period as prescribed under the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013.
 Details of the meetings of the Board along with the attendance of the Directors therein have been 
disclosed as part of the Corporate Governance Report forming part of this Annual Report.
19.  COMMITTEES OF THE BOARD
 As of March 31, 2026, the Board has Four (4) committees and has constituted the following committees, 
under the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013, and SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as applicable, which are in place and discharging their functions as per 
terms of reference entrusted by the Board from time to time:
1. Audit Committee 
2. Nomination and Remuneration Committee 
3. Stakeholders Relationship Committee 
4. Corporate Social Responsibility Committee 
 The composition, attendance, powers, and roles of the Committees are included in the Corporate 
Governance Report which forms part of this Annual Report. During the year, all recommendations of the 
Committees were accepted by the Board.
20.  CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 Your company practices the best corporate governance procedures to uphold the true spirit of law, 
integrity, and transparency by adhering to our core values with an objective of maximizing stakeholders 
value. The Report on Corporate Governance, pursuant to the provisions of SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 is enclosed as Annexure-III, and a certificate obtained from 
the Secretarial Auditors confirming compliance with Corporate Governance requirements as provided in 
the aforesaid Regulations is annexed to this report.
21.  POLICY ON DIRECTORS’ APPOINTMENT AND REMUNERATION AND OTHER DETAILS 
 The Nomination and Remuneration Committee has adopted a policy as per Section 178(3) of the 
Companies Act, 2013 for determination of remuneration and the manner of selection of the Board of 
Directors, CS, CFO and Managing Director.

--- page 44 ---
Annual Report -2026              
43
 Criteria for selection of Non-Executive Director
 » The Non-Executive Directors shall be of high integrity with relevant expertise and experience in the 
fields of Service Industry, Marketing, Finance, Taxation Law, governance and general management.
 » In case of appointment of Independent Directors, the committee shall satisfy itself with regard to the 
criteria of independence of the directors vis-à-vis the company so as to enable the board to discharge 
its function and duties effectively.
 » The committee shall ensure that the candidate identified for appointment as a director is not 
disqualified for appointment under Section 164 of the Companies Act, 2013.
 » The committee shall consider the following attributes, whilst recommending to the board the 
candidature for appointment as a director:
• Qualification, expertise and experience of the directors in their respective fields.,
• Personal, professional or business standing.;
• Diversity of the Board.
• In case of re-appointment of Non-Executive Directors, the Board shall take into consideration the 
performance evaluation of the Directors and their engagement level.
 Remuneration 
 The Non-Executive Directors shall not be entitled to receive remuneration except by way of sitting fees, 
reimbursement of expenses for participation in the board/committee meetings and commission. The 
Independent Director of the company shall not be entitled to participate in the Stock Option Scheme 
of the company. The aggregate commission paid to the Non-Executive Directors is within the statutory 
limit of the company.
 Criteria for selection/appointment of Managing Director, Executive Director, CS and CFO 
 For the purpose of selection of the Managing Director, Executive Director, Company Secretary and 
Chief Financial Officer, the Committee shall identify persons of integrity who possess relevant expertise, 
experience and leadership qualities required for the position.
 The Committee will also ensure that the incumbent fulfils such other criteria with regard to age and 
other qualifications as laid down under Companies Act, 2013, or other applicable laws.
 Remuneration to Managing Director and Executive Director  
• At the time of appointment or re-appointment, the Executive Director and Managing Director shall 
be paid such remuneration as may be mutually agreed between the Company (which includes the 
Committee and the Board of Directors) and the Executive Director/ Managing Director, within the 
overall limits prescribed under the Companies Act, 2013. 
• The remuneration shall be subject to the approval of the members of the Company in General Meeting 
in compliance with the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013.
 Remuneration Policy for the Senior Management Employees including CFO & CS
 In determining the remuneration of Senior Management Employees, the committee shall ensure/
consider the following:
i. the level and composition of remuneration is reasonable and sufficient to attract, retain and motivate 
the person, to ensure the quality required to run the Company successfully;
ii. there is a balance between fixed and incentive pay, reflecting short and long term performance 
objectives appropriate to the working of the Company and its goals
 The policy relating to remuneration of Directors, Key Managerial Personnel, Senior Management 
and other employees is available on the website of the Company https://kapstonservices.com/
investors/#policies 
22.  BOARD EVALUATION AND ASSESSMENT 
 The Board of Directors have carried out an annual evaluation of its own performance, Board committees 
and individual Directors pursuant to the provisions of the Sections 134, 178 and Schedule IV of the 
Companies Act, 2013. A structured questionnaire was prepared after taking into consideration inputs 

--- page 45 ---
Annual Report -2026              
44
received from the Directors, covering various aspects of the Board’s functioning such as adequacy of the 
composition of the Board and its Committees, execution and performance of specific duties by the Board 
of Directors, independence, ethics and values, attendance and contribution at meetings etc.  
 The performance of the Independent Directors were evaluated by the Board after seeking inputs from all 
the Directors on the effectiveness and contribution of the Independent Directors.
 The performance of the Committees was evaluated by the Board after seeking inputs from the Committee 
members based on the criteria such as the composition of Committees, effectiveness of Committee 
meetings, etc.
 The Board reviewed the performance of the individual Directors on the basis of the contribution of the 
individual Director.
 
 In a separate meeting of Independent Directors, performance of Non-Independent Directors, performance 
of the Board as a whole and performance of the Chairman was evaluated, taking into account the 
views of executive director and non-executive directors. The Independent Directors also assessed the 
quality, frequency and timeliness of flow of information between the Board and the management that is 
necessary for effective performance.
 The Board of Directors have carried out an annual performance evaluation of Individual Directors 
including the chairman of the Company, the Board as a whole and its committees thereof, pursuant to 
the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 and SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015.
• Performance evaluation criteria is determined by the Nomination and Remuneration Committee. 
• A structured questionnaire was prepared to evaluate the performance after seeking inputs from the 
Directors, covering various aspects of the Board’s functioning such as adequacy of the composition 
of the Board and its Committees, Board culture, execution and performance of specific duties, 
obligations, and governance. 
• A separate exercise was carried out to evaluate the performance of individual Directors including 
the Chairman of the Board, who were evaluated on parameters such as level of engagement and 
contribution at meetings, independence, safeguarding the interest of the Company and its minority 
shareholders, etc. 
• The performance evaluation of the Independent Directors was carried out by the entire Board 
(excluding the Director being evaluated), after seeking inputs from all the directors on the effectiveness 
and contribution of the Independent Directors. The Process and criteria evaluation of Performance 
of Independent Directors is explained in the Corporate Governance report which forms part of the 
Annual Report. 
• The performance of the Committees was evaluated by the Board after seeking inputs from the 
Committee members based on criteria such as the composition of Committees, effectiveness of 
Committee meetings, etc.
• The Board reviewed the performance of individual Directors based on the contributions made during 
the Board and Committee meetings. 
• In a separate meeting of Independent Directors, the performance of Non-Independent Directors, and 
the performance of the Chairman was evaluated, taking into account the views of executive directors 
and non-executive directors. The Independent Directors also assessed the quality, frequency, and 
timeliness of flow of information between the Board and the management that is necessary for 
effective performance. 
• The Board of Directors has expressed their satisfaction with the evaluation process.
23.  FAMILIARISATION PROGRAM FOR INDEPENDENT DIRECTORS
 All Independent Directors are familiarised with the operations and functioning of the Company at the 
time of their appointment and on an ongoing basis. The Familiarisation Program was conducted with an 
objective to provide an opportunity to familiarise the independent directors related to the nature of the 
industry, the Business model of the company, and the roles, rights, and responsibilities of independent 
directors. They have the full opportunity to interact with Senior Management personnel and Heads of 

--- page 46 ---
Annual Report -2026              
45
the department and are provided with all documents as required and sought by them to enable them to 
have a good understanding. 
   
 The details of such Familiarisation Program and other disclosures as specified under the Listing regulations 
are available on the Company’s website at www.kapstonservices.com 
24.  DIRECTORS AND KEY MANAGERIAL PERSONNEL 
 As of March 31, 2026, the Board comprises Six (06) Directors viz., Three (03) Independent Directors 
including One Woman Independent Director, One (01) Non-Executive Non-Independent Director, and 
Two (02) Executive Directors.
 Retirement by Rotation 
 In accordance with the provisions of Section 152 of the Companies Act, 2013 and the Articles of 
Associations of the Company, Dr. Ramachandra Naidu Cherredi (DIN: 02096757), retires by rotation at 
the ensuing Annual General Meeting (AGM) and being eligible, offers himself for reappointment. The 
Board recommends his re-appointment.
 Changes in directorate
 Reappointment of Independent Directors
 During the year under review, the Members, through Postal Ballot concluded on April 26, 2025, approved 
the re-appointment of Mr. K. Nageswara Rao (DIN: 08734786) as an Independent Director of the 
Company for a second term of five consecutive years with effect from April 29, 2025, based on the 
recommendations of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee and the Board of Directors.
 Appointment and Resignation of KMP  
 As on date of this report, Mr, Srikanth Kodali, Managing Director, Dr. Ramachandra Naidu Chereddi, 
Executive Chairman, Mr. Kapil Sood, CFO and Mr. K. Ramesha, Company Secretary are Key Managerial 
Personnel of the Company in accordance with the provisions of Section(s) 2(51) and 203 of the Companies 
Act, 2013 read with the Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of Managing Personnel) Rules,2014.
 During the year under review, Ms. Triveni Banda resigned as Company Secretary with effect from January 
27, 2026 and Mr. K. Ramesha was appointed as Company Secretary with effect from April 24, 2026.
 Further, the Members, through Postal Ballot held on April 16, 2026, re-appointed Mr. Srikanth Kodali as 
Managing Director of the Company for a further period of three (3) years with effect from February 6, 
2026, at an annual remuneration of Rs. 3,60,00,000.
25.  INDEPENDENT DIRECTORS
 The Company has received declarations from all the Independent Directors as required under section 
149(6) of the Companies Act, 2013 along with Rules framed thereunder and Regulation 16(1)(b) of the 
Listing Regulations stating that they meet the criteria of independence. There has been no change in the 
circumstances affecting their status as independent directors of the Company.
  The Board has reviewed the integrity, expertise, experience, and requisite proficiency of the independent 
directors and confirmed that the Independent Directors fulfill the conditions specified in the SEBI 
Listing Regulations and are independent of the management and the same is given in the Corporate 
Governance Report. As prescribed under Listing Regulations and according to Section 149(6) of the Act, 
the particulars of Non-Executive and Independent Directors (as of the date of signing this report) are as 
under:
1. Mr. Nageswara Rao Koripalli
2. Mr. Naveen Nandigam
3. Ms. Vanitha nagulavari
26.  DIRECTORS RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT 
 Pursuant to Section 134(3)(c) of the Act, the Board of Directors, to the best of their knowledge and 
information and explanations received from the Company, confirm that:
 

--- page 47 ---
Annual Report -2026              
46
a. in the preparation of the accounts for the year ended March 31, 2026, the applicable standards have 
been followed and there are no material departures from the same; 
b. they have selected such accounting policies and applied them consistently, and made judgments and 
estimates that were reasonable and prudent so as to give a true and fair view of the state of affairs of the 
Company as at March 31, 2026 and profit and loss of the Company for the year under review; 
c. they have taken proper and sufficient care for the maintenance of adequate accounting records in 
accordance with the provisions of the Act for safeguarding the assets of the Company and for preventing 
and detecting fraud and other irregularities; 
d. they have prepared annual accounts of the Company on a ‘going concern’ basis; 
e. they have laid down internal financial controls to be followed by the Company and that such internal 
financial controls are adequate and were operating effectively; and
f. they have devised proper systems to ensure compliance with the provision of all applicable laws and that 
such systems were adequate and operating effectively.
27.  EXTRACT OF ANNUAL RETURN 
 Pursuant to the provisions of Section 134(3)(a) and Section 92(3) of the Act read with Rule 12 of the 
Companies (Management and Administration) Rules, 2014, the Annual Return of the Company can be 
accessed at https://kapstonservices.com/investors/# annual-return-and-notice 
28.  CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY 
 The Company believes in building and maintaining a sustainable societal value, inspired by a noteworthy 
vision to actively participate, contribute and impact not just individual lives but create a difference on a 
social level as well.
 In compliance with Section 135 of the Act read with the Companies (Corporate Social Responsibility 
Policy) Rules 2014, the Company has established the CSR Committee. 
 The Board has adopted the CSR Policy, as formulated and recommended by the CSR Committee, and is 
available on the Company’s website at https://kapstonservices.com/investors/# policies 
 During the financial year 2025-26, the Company has spent Rs. 20 Lakhs towards CSR expenditure. The 
Company has contributed CSR funds that were aligned with Schedule VII of the Companies Act, 2013.
 The disclosure of contents of CSR policy pursuant to provisions of Section 134(3)(o) of Act and Rule 9 of 
the Companies (Corporate Social Responsibility) Rules, 2014 is annexed herewith as Annexure IV to the 
Board’s Report.
29.  PARTICULARS OF EMPLOYEES           
 The information relating to remuneration and other details as required pursuant to Section 197 of the 
Companies Act, 2013 read with Rule 5 of the Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial 
Personnel) Rules, 2014, as amended, is provided as an Annexure V to this report. 
 Pursuant to the provisions of the first proviso to Section 136(1) of the Act, the annual report excluding 
the remuneration details of top ten employees is being sent to the Members of the Company. Any 
member interested in obtaining such information may write to the Company Secretary and the same will 
be furnished on request.
30.  MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
 Pursuant to Regulation 34 of the Listing Regulations, the Management Discussion and Analysis Report 
for the year under review, is presented in a separate section, forming a part of the Annual Report.
31.  AUDITORS AND AUDITORS’ REPORT
 STATUTORY AUDITORS 
 M/S NSVR and Associates LLP , Chartered Accountants, (Firm Registration No.0008801S/S200060), 
Statutory auditors of the company were appointed for a period of five years by the shareholders of the 
Company to hold office from the conclusion of the 14th  Annual General Meeting till the conclusion of 
19th Annual General Meeting.

--- page 48 ---
Annual Report -2026              
47
 As required under Section 139 of the Companies Act, 2013, the Company has received a written consent 
from the Auditors to their continued appointment and also a certificate from them to the effect that their 
existing appointment is in accordance with the conditions prescribed under the Companies Act, 2013 
and rules made thereunder.
 The Board has duly examined the Statutory Auditors’ Report to the financial statements, which is 
self-explanatory. The Auditors report for Financial Year 2025-2026 does not contain any qualification, 
reservation or adverse remark for the year under review. The Auditor’s Report is enclosed with the 
financial statements in this Annual Report. During the year under review, the Auditors have not reported 
to the Audit Committee any instances of fraud committed against the Company by its officers or 
employees under Section 143(12) of the Act and therefore no details are required to be disclosed under 
Section 134(3) (ca) of the Act.
 SECRETARIAL AUDITOR 
 M/s VCAN & Associates, Practicing Company Secretaries were appointed as the Secretarial Auditors of 
the Company for a period of 5 years at 17th Annual General Meeting i.e., from April 01, 2025, to March 
31, 2030.
 M/s VCAN & Associates have submitted the Secretarial Audit Report for the year ending 31 March 2026 
which is annexed to this Board’s Report as Annexure-VI.
 As per amended SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 in addition 
to the abovementioned Secretarial Audit Report, listed company is also required to obtain an Annual 
Secretarial Compliance Report from a practicing Company Secretary w.r.t. the compliances of all 
applicable SEBI Regulations, amendments, circulars or guidelines etc. by the Company. Accordingly, the 
same has been obtained and filed with the concerned Stock Exchanges. 
 Further pursuant to SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosures Requirements) Regulations, 2015, read with 
Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosures Requirements) (Amendment) 
Regulations, 2018, the Company is required to obtain a certificate from Practicing Company Secretary 
that none of the directors on the Board of the company have been debarred or disqualified from being 
appointed or continuing as directors of companies by the Board/Ministry of Corporate Affairs or any 
such statutory authority. 
 The said Certificate has been obtained from the Mr. DS Rao, Practicing Company Secretary, which is 
annexed to this Board’s Report as Annexure - IIIA.
 COST AUDIT 
 Maintenance of cost records as specified by the Central Government under sub-section (1) of section 148 
of the Act, is not applicable to the Company and accordingly such accounts and records are not made 
and maintained.
 INTERNAL AUDITOR
 The Board based on the recommendation of the Audit Committee, has appointed TAN & Associates, 
Chartered Accountant (Firm Registration No. 024082S) as the Internal Auditors for the financial year 
2025-2026. On a quarterly basis, Internal Auditors give presentations and provide a report to the Audit 
Committee of the Company.
32.   INTERNAL FINANCIAL CONTROL AND THEIR ADEQUACY
 The Company has an Internal Control System, commensurate with the size, scale and complexity of its 
operations. Based on the audit reports your company undertakes corrective action in their respective 
areas and strengthen the controls. 
 The Board of Directors of the Company have adopted various policies like Related Party Transactions 
policy, Whistle Blower Policy, code of conduct for regulating, monitoring and reporting insider trading 
and such other procedures for ensuring the orderly and efficient conduct of its business for safeguarding 
its assets, the prevention and detection of frauds and errors, the accuracy and completeness of the 
accounting records, and the timely preparation of reliable financial information.
 Based on the requirements under SEBI (Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations, 2015, the Board has 
approved the code of conduct for prohibition of insider trading and the same is being implemented by 
the Company. 

--- page 49 ---
Annual Report -2026              
48
33.  DETAILS OF SIGNIFICANT AND MATERIAL ORDERS PASSED BY THE REGULATORS 
OR COURTS OR TRIBUNALS IMPACTING THE GOING CONCERN STATUS AND 
COMPANY’S OPERATIONS IN FUTURE 
 During the financial year under review, there were no significant and material orders passed by the 
regulators or courts or tribunals impacting the going concern status and company`s operations in the 
future. 
34.  VIGIL MECHANISM 
 In compliance with Section 177(9) of the Act and Regulation 22 of the Listing Regulations, the Company 
has a Whistle Blower Policy and has established the necessary vigil mechanism for Directors and 
employees in confirmation with the above laws, to report concerns about unethical behaviour. 
 The details of the Policy is also available on the website of the Company https://kapstonservices.com/
investors/#policies 
 The policy provides for a framework and process, for the employees and directors to report genuine 
concerns or grievances about leakage of unpublished price sensitive information (UPSI), illegal and 
unethical behaviour to the Chairman of the Audit Committee. 
35.  CONSERVATION OF ENERGY, RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT,  
TECHNOLOGY ABSORPTION 
 Considering the nature of activities of the Company, the provisions of Section 134(m) of the Companies 
Act, 2013 read with Rule 8 of the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014 relating to conservation of energy, 
Research and Development, Technology Absorption are not applicable to the Company.
36.  FOREIGN EXCHANGE EARNINGS AND OUTGO 
 During the financial year under review there is no foreign exchange earnings and outgo.
37.  COMPLIANCE WITH THE SECRETARIAL STANDARDS
 Pursuant to the provisions of Section 118 of the Act, the Company has complied with the applicable 
provisions of the Secretarial Standards issued by the Institute of Company Secretaries of India (“ICSI”) 
and notified by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs (“MCA”).
38.  DISCLOSURE OF ACCOUNTING TREATMENT 
 The Company in the preparation of financial statements has followed the treatment laid down in the 
Accounting standards prescribed by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India. There are no audit 
qualifications on the Company’s financial statements for the year under review.
39.  GREEN INITIATIVE
 The Ministry of Corporate Affairs (MCA) has taken a green initiative in Corporate Governance by 
allowing paperless compliance by the Companies and permitting the service of Annual Reports and 
other documents to the shareholders through electronic mode subject to certain conditions and the 
Company continues to send Annual Reports and other communications in electronic mode to those 
members who have registered their email IDs with their respective depositories. Members may note that 
Annual Reports and other communications are also made available on the Company’s website https://
www.kapstonservices.com and websites of the Stock Exchanges i.e., National Stock Exchange of India 
Limited.
40. HUMAN RESOURCES
 The Company considers its Human Resources as the key to achieving its objectives. Our HR and Operations 
Department works closely with Senior Management to devise strategies that attract talent and enhance 
capabilities. The employees are sufficiently empowered and enabled to work in an environment that 
inspires them to achieve higher levels of performance. It is the unwavering commitment of our employees 
that propels us forward and enables us to fulfil the Company’s vision. Your Company appreciates the 
contribution of its dedicated employees. We believe that our employees are our most valuable asset. 
Your Company is also focused on the overall well-being of its employees. We are committed to creating 
a positive work environment that prioritizes the health, safety, career growth and development of our 
employees. The Company took various initiatives to keep the employees productive and engaged with 
various employee training and awareness programs. we strengthen our collective capabilities and pave 
the way for continued success

--- page 50 ---
Annual Report -2026              
49
41. MATERNITY BENEFITS
 In accordance with the provisions of the Maternity Benefits Act, 1961 and the rules made thereunder, 
the Company has complied with all requirements relating to maternity benefits and welfare measures for 
women employees.
42. OTHER DISCLOSURES
 Your directors state that no disclosure or reporting is required in respect of the following items as there 
were no transactions on these items during the year under review:
• There are no applications made or any proceeding pending against the Company under Insolvency 
and Bankruptcy Code, 2016 (31 of 2016) during the financial year.
• There are no instances of one-time settlement during the financial year.
• Various policies as approved by the Board of Directors in accordance with the provisions of 
Companies Act, 2013 and SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015 is hosted on the company’s website at 
https://kapstonservices.com/investors/#policies 
• Neither the Managing Director nor the Whole-time Directors of the Company receive any 
remuneration or commission from any of its subsidiaries.
• Issue of equity shares with differential voting rights as to dividend, voting, or otherwise.
• Issue of shares (including sweat equity shares) to employees of the Company under any scheme.
43. ACKNOWLEDGEMENT  
 Your Directors place on record their gratitude to the Central Government, various State Governments 
and Company’s Bankers and advisors for the valuable advice, guidance, assistance, co-operation, and 
encouragement they have extended to the Company from time to time. The Directors also take this 
opportunity to thank the Company’s Clients, partners, investors, Employees and all other Stakeholders, 
Regulators and Stock Exchange for their consistent support to the Company
Place: Hyderabad
Date: August 10, 2026
For and on behalf of the Board 
Kapston Services Limited 
Sd/-
Dr. Ramachandra Naidu Chereddi
Executive Chairman 
DIN 02096757

--- page 51 ---
Annual Report -2026              
50
Annexure-I
Form No. AOC – 1
(Pursuant to first proviso to sub-section (3) of section 129 read  
with rule 5 of Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014)
Statement containing salient features of the financial statement of  
Subsidiaries/Associate Companies/Joint Ventures
Part “A”: Subsidiaries
 (Rs. in Lakhs)
1 Name of the subsidiary Kapston Manpower 
Services  
Private Limited
Kapston  
Security Services  
Private Limited
Kapston Home 
Services  
Private Limited
2 Date since it is subsidiary 27th July, 2024 16th September, 
2024
05th February 2026
3 Reporting period for the subsidiary 
concerned, if different from the 
holding company’s reporting period
NA NA NA
4 Reporting currency and Exchange 
rate as on the last date of the 
relevant Financial year in the case of 
foreign subsidiaries.
NA NA NA
5 Share capital (₹ in lakhs) 1.00 1.00 1.02
6 Reserves & surplus 12.80 (2.26) (8.80)
7 Total assets 108.20 1.68 510.14
8 Total Liabilities 108.20 1.68 510.14
9 Investments - - 1
10 Turnover 242.33 - -
11 Profit before taxation 9.03 (1.36) (5.97)
12 Provision for taxation 0.98 - -
13 Profit after taxation 11.63 (1.36) (8.80)
14 Proposed Dividend - - -
15 % of shareholding 100% 100% 98%
Part “B”: Associates and Joint Ventures
Statement pursuant to Section 129 (3) of the Companies Act, 2013 related to  
Associate Companies and Joint Ventures
The Company has no Associate Company or Joint Venture.
  For and on behalf of the Board
Kapston Services Limited 
                                                                                                                Sd/-
  Dr. Ramachandra Naidu Chereddi
Chairman 
(DIN 02096757) 
Place: Hyderabad
Date: August 10, 2026

--- page 52 ---
Annual Report -2026              
51
Annexure-II
Form No. AOC-2
(Pursuant to clause (h) of sub-section (3) of section 134 of the Act and  
Rule 8(2) of the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014)
Disclosure of particulars of contracts/arrangements entered into by the company with  
related parties referred to in sub-section (1) of section 188 of the Companies Act, 2013  
including certain arm’s length transactions under third proviso thereto
1. There are no contracts or arrangements entered into by the Company with related parties referred to in 
sub-section (1) of section 188 of the Companies Act, 2013 which are not at arm’s length basis.
2.  Contracts or arrangements entered into by the Company with related parties referred to in sub-section (1) 
of section 188 of the Companies Act, 2013 which are at arm’s length basis:
S. 
No
Name(s) of the 
related party 
and nature of 
relationship
Nature of 
con-
tracts/
arrange-
ments/
transac-
tions
Dura-
tion of 
the con-
tracts/ 
arrange-
ments/
transac-
tions
Salient terms of the contracts or  
arrangements or transactions  
including the value, if any:
Date(s) of 
approval by 
the Board, 
if any:
Amount 
paid as 
advances, 
if any:
1 Kapston  
Manpower 
Services Private 
Limited
(Wholly Owned 
Subsidiary)
Loans and 
advances
Ongoing The Company has granted unsecured 
loans and advances aggregating 
to Rs. 71.61 lakhs to Kapston 
Manpower Services Private Limited, 
a Wholly Owned Subsidiary, to meet 
its working capital and business 
operational requirements. The loans 
and advances were provided in the 
ordinary course of business and on 
an arm’s length basis, in accordance 
with the approvals granted by the 
Board of Directors and the applicable 
provisions of the Companies Act, 
2013. 
19.05.2025 Nil
2 Kapston  
Manpower Ser-
vices  
Private Limited 
(Wholly Owned 
Subsidiary)
GST on 
Commis-
sion on 
Corporate 
Guarantee
Ongoing The Company has provided a 
corporate guarantee on behalf of 
Kapston Manpower Services Private 
Limited (Wholly Owned Subsidiary) to 
facilitate its borrowing/credit facilities. 
In accordance with the applicable 
provisions of the Goods and Services 
Tax (GST) law relating to corporate 
guarantees between related parties, 
the Company has recognized GST on 
the corporate guarantee commission 
amounting to Rs. 1.80 lakhs. The 
transaction has been undertaken 
in the ordinary course of business 
and on an arm’s length basis, in 
compliance with the applicable 
provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 
and the GST laws.
19.05.2025 Nil

--- page 53 ---
Annual Report -2026              
52
3 Kapston  
security Services 
Private Limited 
(Wholly Owned 
Subsidiary)
Loans and 
advances
Ongoing The Company has granted unsecured 
loans and advances aggregating 
to Rs. 2.48 lakhs to Kapston 
Security Services Private Limited, a 
Wholly Owned Subsidiary, to meet 
its working capital and business 
operational requirements. The loans 
and advances were provided in the 
ordinary course of business and on 
an arm’s length basis, in accordance 
with the approvals granted by the 
Board of Directors and the applicable 
provisions of the Companies Act, 
2013. 
19.05.2025 Nil
4 Kapston Home 
Services  
Private Limited 
(Subsidiary)
Loans and 
advances
Ongoing The Company has granted unsecured 
loans and advances aggregating to 
Rs. 84.96 lakhs to Kapston Home 
Services Private Limited, a Subsidiary, 
to meet its working capital and 
business operational requirements. 
The loans and advances were 
provided in the ordinary course of 
business and on an arm’s length basis, 
in accordance with the approvals 
granted by the Board of Directors 
and the applicable provisions of the 
Companies Act, 2013. 
06.02.2026 Nil
5 Kapston Home 
Services  
Private Limited 
(Subsidiary)
General 
Staffing 
and other 
support 
services
Ongoing Kapston Services Limited has provided 
general staffing services and other 
support services to Kapston Home 
Services Private Limited, a subsidiary 
company, in the ordinary course of 
business.
The transactions were undertaken to 
support the operational requirements 
of the subsidiary company and 
to ensure efficient utilization of 
manpower, administrative resources, 
industry expertise, and operational 
infrastructure available with the 
holding company. Such support 
enabled the subsidiary company 
to effectively manage its business 
operations, maintain service quality 
standards, and optimize operational 
efficiency.
The aggregate value of the 
transactions during the relevant 
period amounted to Rs. 300.48 lakhs.
The transactions were carried out on 
an arm’s length basis, in the ordinary 
course of business, and in the best 
interests of both the companies. 
27.05.2026  Nil
For and on behalf of the Board
Kapston Services Limited 
                                                                                                                  Sd/-
  Dr. Ramachandra Naidu Chereddi
Chairman 
(DIN 02096757) 
Place: Hyderabad             
Date: August 10, 2026

--- page 54 ---
Annual Report -2026              
53
               Annexure- III
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT
[As required under Reg.34 (3) and Schedule V(C) of Securities and Exchange Board of India  
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015]
The Directors present the Company’s Report on Corporate Governance for the year ended 31 March 2026, 
in compliance with Regulation 34(3) read with Schedule V of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“Listing Regulations”).
The Company’s shares are listed on:
S. No Name of the Stock Exchange Date of Listing
1 National Stock Exchange of India Limited 27.05.2020
1.   CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PHILOSOPHY
 The Corporate Governance principles of Kapston Services Limited  (“Kapston” or “Company”) are designed 
to promote a way to sustainable growth, enabling the Company to outperform its business operations in 
a fair, transparent and ethical manner. It provides a strong framework that defines the roles, rights, and 
responsibilities of different groups within the organization. 
 KAPSTON is committed in doing things the right way which means taking business decisions and acting 
in a way that is ethical and is in compliance with applicable legislation. Our Code of Business Conduct and 
Ethics is an extension of our values and reflects our continued commitment to ethical business practices 
across our operations. This philosophy is further strengthened by its adoption of the Code of Conduct for 
the Board members and senior management, the Board process, Code of Conduct for the Prevention of 
Insider Trading and the Code for Fair Disclosure. 
 The Company has complied with the requirements of corporate governance in accordance with the 
applicable Regulations of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015.
2. BOARD OF DIRECTORS
(i) The Board is the focal point and custodian of corporate governance for the Company. The Company 
recognizes and embraces the benefits of having a diverse Board as an essential element in maintaining a 
competitive advantage. A truly diverse Board will include and make good use of differences in the skills, 
regional and industry experience, background, gender and other distinctions between directors. These 
differences will be considered in determining the optimum composition of the Board and when possible, 
will be balanced appropriately.
(ii) The size and composition of the Board as on March 31, 2026 is as under:
 As on March 31, 2026, the Company has 6 (six) Directors. Out of 6, 3 (three) (i.e. 50%) are Independent-
Non-Executive, 1 (One) is Non-Independent-Non-Executive and 2 (two) are Executive Directors. 
 None of the Directors held Directorship in more than 7 (seven) listed companies. Further, none of the 
Independent Directors of the Company served as an Independent Directors in more than 7 (seven) listed 
companies. None of the Independent Directors serving as a whole-time director/managing director in any 
listed entity serves as an Independent Director of more than 3 (three) listed entities. 
 None of the Directors held directorship in more than 20 (twenty) Indian companies, with not more than 
10 (ten) public limited companies.
 None of the Directors is a member of more than ten committees or chairperson of more than five 
committees across all the public limited companies in which he/she is a Director.
 All Independent Directors of the Company have been appointed as per the provisions of the Companies 
Act, 2013 (the Act) and Listing Regulations. The Chairman of the Company is an Executive Director 
(Non-Promoter) 

--- page 55 ---
Annual Report -2026              
54
Classification of Category of Board as on March 31, 2026:
Category No. of Directors
Promoter, Executive Director 1 (One)
Promoter, Non-Executive Director (NED) 1 (One)
Non-promoter, Executive Director (Chairman) 1(One)
Non-Executive, Independent Directors 3 (Three)
Total 6 (Six)
iii. The composition of the Board is in compliance with the requirements of Regulation 17 of the Listing 
Regulations read with Section 149 and 152 of the Companies Act, 2013. The profile of the Directors can be 
accessed on our website at https://kapstonservices.com/investors/#board-committees 
iv. Number of board meetings held during the year under review: 
Board meetings are scheduled as required under the Listing Regulations, the Act and the Rules made 
thereunder and as required under business exigencies. The Board met Five (5) times during the year under 
review and the gap between two consecutive meetings did not exceed one hundred and twenty days 
as stipulated under Section 173(1) of the Act and Regulation 17(2) of the Listing Regulations and the 
Secretarial Standards issued by The Institute of Company Secretaries of India (“ICSI”).
These Five meetings were held on: 
1. May 19, 2025
2. August 04, 2025
3. November 10, 2025
4. January 23, 2026 and 
5. February 06, 2026
As per the disclosures given by the respective directors, no director is a member of more than ten committees 
and chairman of more than five committees, as specified in Regulation 26 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 across all the companies in which he/she is a director.
a)  Attendance of each director at the Board meetings held the during the year 2025-2026 and at the 
last Annual General Meeting:
S. 
No.
Name of the 
Director
Category No of Board  
Meetings 
during the Year 
2025-2026
Attendance 
at AGM 
held on 
September 
24, 2025
1 No. of  
Director- 
ships held in 
other  
Companies
 2 No. of Committee
positions held  in  
other Public 
Companies 
Held Attended Chairman 
ship
Member 
ship
1 Dr.  Ramachandra 
Naidu Chereddi
Chairman, ED 
(Non-Promoter)
5 5 Yes 0 0 0
2 Mr. Srikanth  
Kodali
MD (Promoter) 5 5 Yes 4 0 0
3 Mr. Naveen 
Nandigam
Non – Executive 
Independent 
Director
5 5 Yes 0 0 0
4 Ms. Vanitha 
Nagulavari
Non – Executive 
Independent 
Director
5 5 Yes 0 0      0
5 Ms. Kanti Kiran 
Doddapaneni
Non Executive 
Director
5 5 Yes 0 0 0
6 Mr. Nageswara 
Rao Koripalli
Non – Executive 
Independent 
Director 
5 5 Yes 0 0 0
1Excludes directorship in foreign Companies and Companies incorporated u/s. 8 (non-profit companies) of the Companies Act, 2013, including private limited 
companies. 
2Pertains to memberships/chairpersonships of the AC and SRC of Indian public companies (excluding the Company) as per Regulation 26(1)(b) of the Listing 
Regulations. None of the Directors on the Board is a Member of more than 10 Committees and Chairman of more than 5 Committees across all listed 
companies in which they are Directors.

--- page 56 ---
Annual Report -2026              
55
Number of Shares and Convertible Instruments held by the Directors as on March 31, 2026:
Name of the Director No of shares held in 
the Company 
Directorship in other 
Listed Companies 
Dr.  Ramachandra Naidu Chereddi 19,23,600 -
Mr. Srikanth  Kodali 2,16,11,079 -
Mr. Naveen Nandigam 8,400 -
Ms. Vanitha Nagulavari 48,600 -
Ms. Kanti Kiran Doddapaneni 5,64,006 -
Mr. Nageswara Rao Koripalli 18,000 -
b)  Disclosure of Relationships between the Directors inter-se:
 Except the promoter directors Mr. Srikanth Kodali and Ms. Kanti Kiran Doddapaneni who are related to 
each other, no other Director has any relationship with any other Director. 
c) Board qualifications, expertise and attributes
 Pursuant to corporate governance provisions of the Act and the Listing Regulations, our Board has an 
optimum combination of Executive and Non-Executive Directors with 50% of the Board comprising 
Independent Directors. The Nomination and Remuneration Committee (“NRC”) along with the Board 
identifies the right candidate with the right qualities, skills and experience required for an individual 
member to possess and also the Board as a whole.
 The Board comprises qualified members who possess required skills, expertise and competencies that 
allow them to make effective contributions to the Board and its Committees. The following skills/ expertise/ 
competencies have been identified for the effective functioning of the Company and are currently available 
with the Board:
a. Business and Administration
b. Finance and accounts
c. Legal and governance
d. Industry knowledge
e. Risk management
f.  Analytical skills
g. Decision making skills
h. Leadership skills
Name of Director Designation Years of 
experience
Field of expertise
Dr. Ramachandra Naidu 
Chereddi
Chairman, Executive 49 years Business and 
Administration  
Mr. Srikanth Kodali Managing Director - Promoter 
 
24 years Business, Administration. 
Human Resource  
Management and Strategic 
Business Planner.
Mr. Naveen Nandigam Independent Director 36 years Financial, Audit and 
Accounting 
Ms. Vanitha
Nagulavari
Independent Director 17 years Legal, Secretarial and 
Compliance. 
Ms. Kanti Kiran 
Doddapaneni 
Non-Executive Director 
(Promoter) 
18 years Human Resource 
Management.
Mr. Nageswara Rao Koripalli Independent Director 38 years Taxation and Legal Aspects 
d) Independent Directors
(i)  Criteria of Independence –
 Independent Directors are Non Executive Directors as defined under Regulation 16(1)(b) of the Listing 
Regulations read with Section 149(6) of the Act along with rules framed thereunder. In terms of Regulation 
25(8) of the Listing Regulations, independent Directors have confirmed that they are not aware of any 

--- page 57 ---
Annual Report -2026              
56
circumstance or situation which exists or may be reasonably anticipated that could impair or impact their 
ability to discharge their duties. Based on the declarations received from the independent Directors, 
the Board of Directors has confirmed that they meet the criteria of independence as mentioned under 
Regulation 16(1)(b) of the Listing Regulations and that they are independent of the management. Further, 
in terms of Section 150 of the Act read with Rule 6 of the Companies (Appointment and Qualification 
of Directors) Rules, 2014, the independent Directors of the Company have included their names in the 
Independent Director’s Database maintained with the Indian Institute of Corporate Affairs.
(ii)  Number of Directorships –
 The number of Companies in which each Independent Director of the Company holds office as an 
Independent Director is within the limits prescribed under Regulation 17A and 25 of the Listing Regulations.
(iii) Tenure –
 None of the Independent Directors have exceeded the tenure prescribed under Regulation 25 of the 
Listing Regulations and Section 149(10) of the Companies Act 2013.
 Mr. Koripalli Nageseara Rao was re-appointed as Independent Director for a term of another Five 
consecutive years with effect from 29th April, 2025 through Postal Ballot dated 26th April, 2025. 
(iv) Separate meeting of Independent Directors –
 As stipulated under Section 149(8) read with Schedule IV of the Act and Regulation 25 of the Listing 
Regulations, a separate meeting of the Independent Directors was held on February 06, 2026 without the 
presence of Non- Independent Directors and members of the management to inter-alia discuss matters 
pertaining to:
• The performance of the Chairperson of the Company, taking into account the views of Executive and Non- 
Executive Directors. ;
• The performance of the Non-Independent Directors and the Board as a whole.
• The quality, quantity and timeliness of the flow of the information between the Company management 
and the Board that is necessary for the Board to effectively and reasonably perform their duties.
• The Independent Directors expressed satisfaction on the Board’s freedom to express views on matters 
transacted at meetings and the manner in which the management discusses various subject matters 
specified in the agenda of meetings. 
 Web link where details of familiarization programmes imparted to Independent Directors:
 Our Directors, at the time of their appointment, are provided with information about the Company and its 
organizational structure, business model, vision and values, latest published results and internal policies to 
enable them to familiarize themselves with the Company’s procedures and practices.
 The details of the programmes conducted by the Company for the familiarization of Independent Directors 
are posted on the Company’s website under the weblink: https://kapstonservices.com/wp-content/
uploads/2026/07/Familiarization-Programme-for-Independent-Directors.pdf
e)  Agenda for the meetings and information furnished to the Board
 Information is provided to the Board Members on a continuous basis for their review, inputs and approval 
from time to time. Information to the Directors is submitted along with the agenda papers well in advance 
of the Board meeting by the Company Secretary. 
3.  COMMITTEES OF DIRECTORS
 Board Committees
 The Committees constituted by the Board focus on specific areas and take informed decisions within the 
framework designed by the Board and make specific recommendations to the Board on matters in their 
areas or purview. All decisions and recommendations of the Committees are placed before the Board for 
information or for approval, if required. To enable better and more focused attention on the affairs of 
the Company, the Board has delegated particular matters to the Committees of the Board set up for the 
purpose.

--- page 58 ---
Annual Report -2026              
57
 Statutory Committees
 The Board has the following statutory Committees:
A. Audit Committee 
B. Nomination and Remuneration Committee
C. Stakeholders Relationship Committee
D. Corporate Social Responsibility Committee
A.  Audit Committee (AC)
 Brief description and terms of reference:
 The Company has constituted a qualified and independent Audit Committee comprising of two third 
members as independent directors in accordance with Regulation 18 of the Securities and Exchange 
Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 and Section 177 of the 
Companies Act, 2013.
 The Committee is empowered with the role and powers as prescribed under Regulation 18 of the Securities 
and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 and 
Section 177 of the Companies Act, 2013. The Committee also acts in terms of reference and directions of 
the Board from time to time. 
 The Committee acts as a link between the management, external and internal auditors and the Board of 
Directors of the Company.
 The Managing Director, CFO, Internal Auditors and Statutory Auditors are also invited to the meetings, as 
required, to brief the Committee wherever required. The Company Secretary acts as the secretary of the 
Committee.
 The Chairman of the Audit Committee also attended the last Annual General Meeting of the Company.
Composition:
 S.No. Name of the Director Nature of Directorship Designation
1 Mr. Naveen Nandigam Independent Director Chairman
2 Mr. Srikanth Kodali Executive Director Member
3 Ms. Vanitha Nagulavari Independent Director Member
As required under Regulation 18 of the Listing Regulations, the Chairman of the Audit Committee is an Inde -
pendent Director.
Meetings and attendance during the Financial Year 2025-26
During the year, Four (04) meetings of the Audit Committee were held and the details of attendance of the 
directors in such meetings are as follows:
Date of the Meeting Number of Committee 
Members attended
May 19, 2025 3
August 04, 2025 3
November 10, 2025 3
February 06, 2026 3
The gap between two Audit Committee meetings was not more than one hundred and twenty days (120 days).
The necessary quorum was present at all the meetings.
B. Nomination and Remuneration Committee (NRC)
The Committee is empowered with the role and powers as prescribed under Regulation 19 of the Securities and 
Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, Section 178 of 
the Companies Act, 2013 and in the Nomination & Remuneration Policy of the Company. The Committee also 
acts in terms of reference and directions of the Board from time to time.

--- page 59 ---
Annual Report -2026              
58
The Nomination and Remuneration Committee reviews the profiles & experience, performance appraisals and 
recommends the remuneration package payable to executive director(s), Key Managerial Personnel and other 
senior executives in the top level management of the Company and other elements of their appointment and 
acts in terms of reference of the Board from time to time. The Company’s Remuneration Policy as applicable to 
directors, key managerial persons and other senior management personnel of the Company is posted on the 
company’s website at the following web address: https://kapstonservices.com/investors/#policies 
Composition, name of members and chairperson
During the year, One (1) meeting of Nomination and Remuneration Committee was conducted. 
The composition of the Committee and attendance details at meeting held on February 06, 2026 during 
Financial Year 2025-2026, is as follows:
 S.No. Name of the Director Nature of Directorship   Designation No of Meet-
ing(s) Attended 
1 Ms. Vanitha Nagulavari Independent Director  Chairperson 1
2 Mr. Naveen Nandigam Independent Director Member 1
3 Ms. Kanti Kiran Doddapaneni Non-Executive Director Member 1
Company Secretary of the Company acts as Secretary to the Committee
Performance evaluation criteria for Independent Directors:
Independent Directors have three key roles to play; those are: 
a. Governance
b. Control
c. Guidance  
Pursuant to the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 and the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015, the Nomination 
and Remuneration Committee has recommended the guidelines for the evaluation of performance of 
Independent Directors. This largely includes:
• The qualification and experience of Independent Directors.
• The groundwork, the Independent Directors perform before attending the meetings to enable them in 
giving valuable inputs during meetings.
• The exposure of Independent Directors in different areas of risks the entity faces and advices from them 
to mitigate the same.
In line with the Corporate Governance guidelines, evaluation of all Board members is done on an annual basis. 
This evaluation is done by the entire Board led by the Chairman with specific focus on the performance and 
effective functioning of the Board, the Committees of the Board and the individual directors and is reported 
to the Board. The evaluation process also considers the time spent by each of the Board members, core 
competencies, personal characteristics, accomplishment of specific responsibilities and expertise.
The entire Board of Directors (excluding the director being evaluated) held the performance evaluation of 
Independent Directors and on the basis of performance evaluation, the Board decided to continue the term of 
appointment of Independent Directors.
Further, the Nomination and Remuneration Committee reviewed/evaluated the balance of skills, knowledge 
and experience on the Board and identified the role and capabilities required of an Independent Director and 
considered that re-appointment of Mr. Nageswara Rao Koripalli for another term of Five Consecutive Years. 
Performance evaluation was done by the respective bodies on February 06, 2026. The minutes of the meetings 
of the Committee is placed before and noted by the Board. All the recommendations made by the Committee 
during the year under review were accepted by the Board.

--- page 60 ---
Annual Report -2026              
59
Remuneration of Directors:
The details of remuneration and commission paid to the Managing Director and Executive Director are as 
follows: 
Category of Payment Amount in Lakhs
Mr. Kodali Srikanth  
(Managing Director)
Dr. Ramachandra Naidu Chereddi
(Executive Chairman)
Fixed Component Rs.192.32 Per Annum* Rs.15.00 Per Annum
Apart from the above, Executive Chairman and Managing Director are also eligible for other benefits in terms 
of their appointment and as per the HR policies of the Company. 
*Re-appointment of Mr. Srikanth Kodali (DIN 02464623) as Managing Director for a period of 3 (Three) years 
with effect from February 06, 2026 at an annual Remuneration of Rs.3,60,00,000 (Rupees Three Crore Sixty 
Lakhs).
Sitting Fee paid to Non-Executive Directors and their shareholding as on March 31,2026 is as follows:
Name of the Director Designation Sitting fees paid
(Amount in INR)
No. of shares held 
on 31-03-2026
Mr. Naveen Nandigam Independent Director 2,00,000 8,400
Ms. Vanitha Nagulavari Independent Director 2,00,000 48,600
Ms. Kanti Kiran Doddapaneni Non- Executive Director 
(Promoter Group)
Nil 5,64,006
Mr. Nageswara Rao Koripalli Independent Director 2,00,000 18,000
Other than the sitting fees paid to the Non-Executive Directors, they had no material pecuniary relationship 
or transaction with the Company. The Company has not issued any stock options to its directors/ employees 
during the financial year under review.
Ms. Kanti Kiran Doddapaneni, Non-Executive Director has renounced her sitting fees during the financial year 
under review.
There are neither specific contracts nor any severance fees. The terms of appointment are as decided by the 
Board and the general body.
C. Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee (SRC) 
The composition of the Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee is as under:
S.No. Name of the Director Nature of Directorship Designation
1 Ms. Kanti Kiran Doddapaneni Non-Executive Director Chairperson
2 Ms. Vanitha Nagulavari Independent Director Member
3 Mr. Srikanth Kodali Executive Director Member
Company Secretary of the Company acts as Secretary to the Committee
During the year under review, the meeting of Stakeholder Relationship Committee was held on February 06, 
2026, and all the members of the Committee have attended the meeting. 
The SRC Committee deals with stakeholder relations and redressal of investors’ complaints pertaining to share 
transfer, non-receipt of annual reports, dividend payments, issue of duplicate share certificate, transmission of 
shares and other miscellaneous complaints. In accordance with Regulation 6 of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 
2015, the Board has authorized the Company’s Registrar and Transfer Agent (RTA), Bigshare Services Private 

--- page 61 ---
Annual Report -2026              
60
Limited to approve the share transfers/ transmissions and to comply with other formalities in relation thereto 
in coordination with the Compliance Officer of the Company. All the investors’ complaints, which cannot be 
settled at the level RTA and the Compliance Officer, will be placed before the Committee for final settlement.
Name of the Non-Executive Director heading the committee Ms. Kanti Kiran Doddapaneni
Name and designation of the Compliance Officer K. Ramesha, Company Secretary and  
Compliance Officer
Number of Shareholders’ Complaints received in FY 
2025-2026
Nil
Number not solved to the satisfaction of shareholders Nil
Number of pending complaints Nil
D. Corporate Social Responsibility Committee (CSRC).
The CSR Committee of the Company functions in accordance with Section 135 of the Act read with the Com -
panies (Corporate Social Responsibility Policy) Rules, 2014 and amendments thereof. The composition of the 
CSRC is as under:
S.No. Name of the Director Nature of Directorship Designation
1 Mr. Srikanth Kodali Executive Director Chairman
2 Ms. Vanitha Nagulavari Independent Director Member
3 Dr. Ramachandra Naidu Chereddi Executive Director Member
Company Secretary of the Company act as Secretary to the Committee
Meetings and attendance during the year 2025-2026
During the year One (01) meeting  of the Corporate Social Responsibility Committee was held and the details 
of attendance of the directors in such meetings are as follows:
Date of the Meeting Number of Committee 
Members Attended
August 04, 2025 3
E.  RISK MANAGEMENT COMMITTEE: Not Applicable.
F.  Particulars of senior management including the changes therein since the close of the previous 
financial year: The particulars of the Senior Management are provided in the Company overview section 
of the Annual Report.
4. GENERAL BODY MEETINGS
 a. Annual General Meeting:
  Details of AGMs held during the last 3 years along with the details of the Special Resolutions passed by 
the members are as under:
Financial Year Date & Time Venue Special Resolution Passed
2024-25 24th September 
2025
04.00 P .M
Plot No 75, Kavuri Hills, 
Madhapur, Hyderabad, 
Telangana-500034
No Special Resolutions were passed during the 
said AGM
2023-24 27th September 
2024
04.00 P .M
Plot No 75, Kavuri Hills, 
Madhapur, Hyderabad, 
Telangana-500034
1) Re-appointment of Dr. Ramachandra 
Naidu Chereddi (DIN: 02096757) as an 
Executive Chairman of the Company.
2) Revision in overall borrowing Limits of the 
Company.
3) Creation of Charge / Mortgage on the 
assets of the Company.
2022-23 25th September 
2023
04.00 P .M
Plot No 75, Kavuri Hills, 
Madhapur, Hyderabad, 
Telangana-500034
1)    Re-appointment of  
Ms. Vanitha Nagulavari (DIN: 07271674) as 
an Independent Director of the Company
2)    Re-appointment of  
Mr. Srikanth Kodali (DIN: 02464623)  
as Managing Director of the Company

--- page 62 ---
Annual Report -2026              
61
b. Extra Ordinary General Meeting:
The details of Extraordinary General Meetings held during the last three years are given below:
Financial year ended Date Venue Time Special Resolution passed
2024-2025 No General Meetings other than Annual General Meeting
2023-2024 No General Meetings other than Annual General Meeting
2022-2023 No General Meetings other than Annual General Meeting
c. Postal Ballot:
During the year, there was one special resolution passed through postal ballot.
Financial 
year  
Date of  
Declaration 
of Results 
Person who  
conducted the 
Postal ballot 
Exercise 
Procedure for Postal Ballot Whether any Special  
Resolution was proposed 
and Passed through postal 
Ballot – details of voting 
pattern 
2025-26 April 28, 
2025
CS D S Rao,
Practicing  
Company  
Secretary,  
(CP No. 14487)
The Postal ballot is conducted 
in accordance with the 
provisions of Sec 110 of 
the Companies Act, 2013 
read with Rule 22 of The 
Companies (Management 
and Administration) Rules, 
2014 and Regulation 44 of 
SEBI(Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, as 
amended from time to time
*To consider and  
approve the Re-Appoint-
ment (Second Term) of 
Mr. Nageswara Rao
Koripalli (DIN: 08734786)  
as an Independent  
Director of the Company.
* To consider and approve the Re-appointment (Second term) of Mr. Nageswara Rao Koripalli (DIN: 08734786) 
as an Independent Director of the Company.     
No. of shares 
held 
No. of votes 
polled 
% of Votes 
Polled on 
outstand-
ing shares 
No. of Votes  
 in favour 
No. of 
Votes  
against 
No. of 
Votes  
Invalid 
% of Votes 
in favour 
on votes 
polled 
% of Votes 
against 
on votes 
polled 
% of Votes 
invalid 
on votes 
polled 
2,02,88,122 1,66,39,513 82.00 1,66,39,510 2 1 99.99 0 0
5. MEANS OF COMMUNICATION
a.  Quarterly Financial Results: 
 Prior intimation of the Board Meeting to consider and approve Unaudited /Audited Financial Results of 
the Company is given to the Stock Exchange and also disseminated on the official website of the Company 
at www.kapstonservices.com. The aforesaid Financial Results are immediately intimated to the Stock 
Exchange after the same is approved at the Board Meeting. 
b. Newspapers wherein results normally published
 The quarterly, half-yearly and annual Financial Results of the Company are published in widely circulated 
daily Newspapers viz., Business Standard (English) and Nava Telangana (Telugu).
c. Website: The website of the Company www.kapstonservices.com contains a dedicated section “Investors” 
which contains details / information of interest to various stakeholders, including Financial Results, 
Shareholding Pattern, Company Policies, etc. The Members/ Investor can view the details of electronic 
filings done by the Company on the respective website of NSE i.e., www.nseindia.com.
d. Annual Report: 
       The Annual Report containing, inter-alia, Audited Financial Statement, Boards Report, Auditors’ Report and 
other important information is circulated to members and others entitled thereto.
e. Whether it also displays official news releases:
 The newsletters and press releases made from time to time, if any, are also displayed on the Company’s 
website.

--- page 63 ---
Annual Report -2026              
62
f. Presentations made to institutional investors or to analysts:
       The presentations made to institutional investors or to analysts, if any are displayed in the Company’s 
website.
g. SEBI Complaints Redress System (SCORES): 
 The investor complaints are processed in a centralized web-based complaints redressal system. Centralised 
database of all complaints received, online upload of the Action Taken Reports (ATRs) by the Company and 
online viewing by investors of actions taken on the complaint and its current status are updated/resolved 
electronically in the SEBI SCORES system.
6. GENERAL SHAREHOLDER’S INFORMATION
a.
CIN Number: L15400TG2009PLC062658
Registered Office Plot No. 287, MIG-2, IX Phase KPHB, Kukatpally,
Hyderabad - 500072, Telangana, India.
Corporate Office Plot No 75, Kavuri Hills, Madhapur,  
Hyderabad – 500034 Telangana, India.
Annual General Meeting Date and Time: September 24, 2026 at 04.00 PM
Venue: Corporate office of the Company 
Plot No 75, Kavuri Hills, Madhapur, Hyderabad 
500034 Telangana, India
Financial Year April 1, 2025 to March 31, 2026
Dividend Payment Date During the year under review, the Company has not 
declared and paid dividend to the members
The name and address of each stock exchange(s) at 
which the listed entity’s securities are listed and a 
confirmation about payment of annual listing fee to 
each of such stock exchange(s):
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd, Exchange 
Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot No. C/1, ‘G’ Block, Bandra-Kurla 
Complex Bandra(E), Mumbai - 400 051
Name of the 
Stock Exchange
Stock Code Scrip Code
NSE N.A KAPSTON 
Listing fees to the stock exchange and Annual custodian fees to depositories for the year 2025-26 have been 
paid.
b. In case the securities are suspended from trading, the directors’ report shall explain the reason 
thereof:
 During the reporting period there are no instances of suspension of trading in the shares of the Company.
c. Registrar to an Issue and Share Transfer Agents: 
Registrar and Transfer Agents (for shares held in 
both physical and demat mode)
Bigshare Services Private Limited 
306, Right Wing, 3rd Floor Amrutha Ville,  
Opp. Y ashoda Hospital Somajiguda  
Rajbhavan Rd, Hyderabad - 500082
Telephone Numbers 040-2337 4967/ 040-2337 0295
Contact Person R. Amarendranath
Email id: amarendranath.r@bigshareonline.com
bsshyd@bigshareonline.com
Website www.bigshareonline.com
d. Share Transfer System
 Bigshare Services Private Limited, Hyderabad, is the Company’s Registrar and Share Transfer Agent. 
Share transfers are registered and processed in the normal course in line with Schedule VII to the Listing 
Regulations. The Registrar and Share Transfer Agent has been delegated the power of share transfer to 
expedite the transfer formalities, which is in line with Schedule VII and Regulation 40 of the SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Regulations) 2015.

--- page 64 ---
Annual Report -2026              
63
e. The entire equity shares of the Company are held in Dematerialized form 
   Compliance certificate pursuant to Regulation 40(9) of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 certifying the compliance of share transfer/
transmission formalities is being obtained from a Practicing Company Secretary on yearly basis and is filed 
with the Stock Exchange. 
 Compliance certificate pursuant to Regulation 7(3) of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, jointly signed by the Company Secretary/
Compliance Officer and the Registrar & Share Transfer Agent is also filed with the stock exchange on yearly 
basis.
f. Distribution of shareholding as on March 31, 2026.
S.No Shareholding of Nominal (INR) No of 
Shareholders
% of total Shares % to Total 
share amount 
1. 1-5000 5369 87.7288 479916 1.58
2. 5001-10000 350 5.7190 252564 0.83
3. 10001-20000 167 2.7288 243476 0.80
4. 20001-30000 83 1.3562 215893 0.71
5. 30001-40000 22 0.3595 77194 0.25
6. 40001 - 50000 33 0.5392 142607    0.47
7. 50001-100000 37 0.6046 271224 0.89
8. 100001 and above 59 0.9641 28749309        94.47
Total 6120 100 30432183 100
The total no. of shareholders i.e 6120 inclusive of the shareholders who hold more than one Demat account 
with same PAN. 
g. Shareholding Pattern as on March 31, 2026:
Category No of Shares Held Percentage of Capital
Promoters (Individuals) 22175085 72.87
Clearing Member 16086 0.05
Escrow Account 2426 0.01
Non Resident Indian 56322 0.19
Indian Public 8175688 26.87
Corporate Bodies 6576 0.02
Total 30432183 100
h. Dematerialization of shares and liquidity.
Number of shares % of total shares Number of Shareholders % of totalshareholders
30432183 100 6120 100
The breakup of Shares in Demat and physical form as on 31st March, 2026 is as follows.
Particulars No. of shares 
of Rs.5 /- each
% of 
Shares
Demat Segment
NSDL 2,85,93,932 93.96
CDSL 18,38,251 6.04
Sub-total 3,04,32,183 100.00
Physical Segment Nil ----
Total 3,04,32,183 100.00

--- page 65 ---
Annual Report -2026              
64
i. Outstanding Global depository receipts or American depository receipts or warrants or any convert -
ible instruments, conversion date and likely impact on equity:
The Company has not issued any GDRs/ADRs/Warrants or any convertible instruments in the past and hence, 
as on 31 March 2026, the Company does not have any outstanding GDRs/ADRs/Warrants or any convertible 
instruments.
j. Commodity Price Risk or Foreign Exchange Risk and Hedging activities.
The Company does not deal in commodities and hence the disclosure pursuant to SEBI Circular dated 15 
November 2018 is not required to be given.
k. Our Branches 
In addition to our Registered Office, Corporate Office and Recruitment Office situated at Hyderabad, we have 
several other branches from where we operate. Details are as follows:
S.no Branch Address Nature of Operation
1 Corporate Office Plot No 75, Kavuri Hills, Madhapur,  
Hyderabad - 500034
Administration,  
Back end operation
2 Registered office  
(Recruitment Centre-1) 
Plot No. 287, MIG - 2, IX Phase, KPHB,  
Kukatpally, Hyderabad - 500 072
Recruitment,  
Administration, Training 
3 Recruitment Centre -2 Flat # 201, 9/HIG-A & 10/HIG  
Vasista Bhavan, APHB Colony, Gachibowli, 
Hyderabad - 500 032
Recruitment, Training
4 Vizag 50-49-25/1, 2nd Floor, TPT Colony, 
Seethammadhara, Opp. NRI Hospital 
Vishakapatnam – 530013.
Regional Operation  
5 Guntur Plot No. 50, Door No.133-171, 3rd Lane, Sai 
Nath Colony,Mahatma Gandhi Inner Ring 
Road, Guntur Dist, AP-522034
Regional Operation  
6 Bengaluru No. 472/7, Balaji Arcade, 1st floor, AVS 
Compound, 80 feet Road, 4th Block, Ejipura, 
Koramangala, Bengaluru -560034
Regional Operation  
7 Chennai Ten Square Building’ Second Floor, West 
Wing, Shop Nos. 322, Jawaharlal Nehru 
Road, Koyambedu, Chennai - 600 107.  
Regional Operation  
8 Bhubaneshwar Plot NO A/108 , 2nd floor, Bandev Bhavan 
Saheed Nagar,Bhubaneswar, Odisha 751007.
Regional Operation  
9 Pune Office No 12,Bwing 2ND Floor city vista 
Kharadi Pune 411014.
Regional Operation
10 Mumbai UNIT NO. 216, ‘The Summit Business Park, 
2ND  Floor, Near W.E.H. Metro Station, 
Andheri, Mumbai 400093
Regional Operation  
11 Kolkata Block GN,Aurora Waterfront,7th Floor 
Unit706,GN34/1,Salt Lake Sectorv 
Bidhannagar, West Bengal 700091.
Regional Operation  
12 Delhi Office Space No. 820, 8th Floor, DLF Tower 
–A, Jasola, New Delhi 110025
Regional Operation  
13 Raipur # 405, 4th floor, Magneto Mall, NH 53, 
GE Road, beside Signature Homes 2, 
Labhandih, Raipur, Chhattisgarh 492001
Regional Operation

--- page 66 ---
Annual Report -2026              
65
l. Our Training Centers
S.No. State Location Address 
1 Telangana Hyderabad
Kapston Training Academy,
H No 1-1-31/1, Budwel Rajendra Nagar
Ranga Reddy Dist.5000030
Kapston Training Academy,  
Plot No. 287, MIG - 2, IX Phase, KPHB Colony, 
Hyderabad, Telangana- 500072
Kapston Training Academy,
Flat # 201, 9/HIG-A & 10/HIG  
Vasista Bhavan, APHB Colony, Gachibowli,  
Hyderabad - 500 032
m. Address for Correspondence:
Corporate Office Kapston Services Limited 
Plot No 75, Kavuri Hills, Madhapur,  
Hyderabad – 500034, Telangana State, India
Telephone Numbers +9198487 78243, +91 40 29806955, +91 9640504050
Website www.kapstonservices.com
Email-id cs@ kapstonservices.com
n. Credit rating: 
Kapston Services Limited has obtained credit rating from CRISIL, an S & P Global Company and they have given 
their credit rating vide its letter dated April  02,2026, the credit rating details are as follows:
Long Term Rating CRISIL BBB/Stable (Reaffirmed)
Short Term Rating CRISIL A3+ (Reaffirmed)
7. OTHER DISCLOSURES
A. Disclosures on Materially Significant Related Party Transactions that may have potential conflict 
with the interests of listed entity at large:
 Transactions with related parties are disclosed in Notes to Accounts in the Financial Statements. All 
transactions with related parties are at arms’ length and in compliance with transfer pricing regulations. 
Consideration is paid/received through cheque/online payment. All Related Party Transactions are entered 
into by the Company only after obtaining the prior approval of the Audit Committee and Board of Directors 
and are entered into on an Arms’ length basis.
 The Remuneration paid to Managing Director and Executive Chairman is approved by Shareholders as per 
the provisions of Companies Act, 2013. 
 Policy for Related Party Transactions is hosted on the Company’s website at 
 https://kapstonservices.com/investors/#policies 
 Material Related Party Transactions: During the year ended March 31, 2026, there were no materially 
significant related party transactions, which had potential conflict with the interests of the Company at 
large.
B. Details of non-compliance by the listed entity, penalties, strictures imposed on the listed entity by 
stock exchange(s) or the board or any statutory authority, on any matter related to capital markets, 
during the last three years:
 There has been no instance of non-compliance by the Company on any matter related to capital markets 
during the last three years. No penalty has been imposed on the Company by the Stock Exchanges or SEBI 
or any other statutory authorities on such matters.

--- page 67 ---
Annual Report -2026              
66
C. Details of establishment of vigil mechanism, whistle blower policy and affirmation that no 
personnel has been denied access to the Audit Committee;
 The Company has adopted the Whistle-Blower Policy pursuant to which employees of the Company 
can raise their concerns relating to malpractices, inappropriate use of funds or any other activity or 
event which is against the interest of the Company.
  The Policy is placed on the website of the Company under the web link: https://kapstonservices.com/
investors/#policies 
D.  Details of compliance with mandatory requirements and adoption of the non-mandatory 
requirements:
 The Company has complied with all the mandatory requirements enumerated in the Listing Regulations 
and the Companies Act, 2013 read with the rules made thereunder and is also in compliance with non-
mandatory requirements to maximum extent.
E. Web link of the Policy for determining “material” subsidiaries is disclosed.
 The Company does not have any material subsidiary.
F. Web link of the policy on dealing with Related Party Transactions.
 The Board has formulated a policy on Related Party Transactions and has revised it from time to time in 
the light of amendments to the Listing Regulations and the same is available on the Company’s website 
under the web link: https://kapstonservices.com/investors/#policies 
G. Disclosure of Commodity Price Risks and Commodity Hedging Activities:  The Company is not 
dealing in any commodities. 
H. A certificate from Mr. DS Rao, Practicing Company Secretary, Hyderabad stating that none 
of the directors on the Board of the Company have been debarred or disqualified from being 
appointed or continuing as directors of companies by SEBI/ Ministry of Corporate Affairs or any 
such statutory authority, has been enclosed separately to this Report.
I. Details of utilization of funds raised through preferential allotment or qualified institutions 
placement as specified under Regulation 32 (7A) Not Applicable 
J. Whether the Board had not accepted any recommendation of any Committee of the Board which 
is mandatorily required, in the relevant financial year: No 
K. Total fees for all services paid by the listed entity to the statutory auditor and all entities in the 
network firm/network entity of which the statutory auditor is a part:
Particulars Amount (In Rs.)
Name of Auditor NSVR & Associates LLP .
Statutory Audit 14,00,000
Tax Audit 3,00,000
L. Disclosures in relation to the Sexual Harassment of Women at Workplace (Prevention, 
Prohibition and Redressal) Act, 2013:
 Your Company has constituted Internal Complaints Committee (ICC) under the Sexual Harassment of 
Women at Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition and Redressal) Act, 2013.
 The disclosure pertaining to the complaints are given hereunder:
No of complaints received during the year NIL
No of complaints disposed off during the year NIL
No of complaints pending as on end of financial year NIL
M. Disclosure by listed entity and its subsidiaries of ‘Loans and advances in the nature of loans to 
firms/companies in which directors are interested by name and amount:  The Company has not 
given any loans and advances to firms/company in which directors are interested.
N. Details  of  material  subsidiaries  of  the  listed  entity; Not Applicable

--- page 68 ---
Annual Report -2026              
67
8. Non-compliance of any requirement of Corporate Governance Report, with reasons thereof shall be 
disclosed: All the above requirements w.r.t. this Report have been complied with
9. The disclosures of the compliance with corporate governance requirements specified in regulation 
17 to 27 and clauses (b) to (i) of sub-regulation (2) of regulation 46 shall be made in the section on 
corporate governance of the annual report: 
Regulation Particulars of regulations Compliance status (Yes/No)
17 Board of directors Yes
17A Maximum Number of Directorship Yes
18 Audit committee Yes
19 Nomination and Remuneration committee Yes
20 Stakeholders Relationship committee Yes
21 Risk Management committee NA
22 Vigil mechanism Yes
23 Related party transactions Yes
24 Corporate Governance requirements with respect to 
Subsidiary of listed entity
Yes
24A Secretarial Audit Yes
25 Obligations with respect to Independent directors Yes
26 Obligation with respect to Directors and Senior 
Management
Yes
27 Other Corporate Governance requirements Yes
46(2) Website Yes
10.  The Company has adopted /complied with the discretionary requirements specified in Part E of 
Schedule II as detailed below:
(i)  The Board:
  The office of Dr. Ramachandra Naidu Chereddi, Executive Chairperson, is maintained at the expense 
of the Company and he is allowed reimbursement of expenses incurred in performance of his duties, 
if any.
(ii)  Shareholders Rights:
  All quarterly /half yearly (when the Company was listed on NSE Emerge) financial results are submitted 
to the stock exchanges and are simultaneously placed on the website of the Company at www.
kapstonservices.com apart from being published in the newspapers.
(iii) Independent Directors:
  During the financial year, Independent Directors held 1(One) meeting without the presence of Non 
Independent Directors and Members of the management and all the Independent Directors were 
present at such meetings
(iv) Modified opinion(s) in audit report
  There are no modified opinions in the Audit Report for the financial year ended March 31, 2026.
(v) Reporting of Internal Auditor:
 The Internal Auditor of the Company reports directly to the Chairman of the Audit Committee, stating 
observations, if any.
11.  Declaration signed by the chief executive officer stating that the members of board of directors 
and senior management personnel have affirmed compliance with the code of conduct of board of 
directors and senior management:
 The Company has in place a comprehensive Code of Conduct (the Code) pursuant to Regulation 17(5) of 
Listing Regulations which is applicable to all the senior management personnel and directors including 
Independent Directors to such extent as may be applicable to them depending on their roles and 
responsibilities.

--- page 69 ---
Annual Report -2026              
68
 A copy of the Code of Conduct has been placed on the Company’s website www.kapstonservices.com. All 
the Board members and the senior management personnel have confirmed compliance with the Code.
 Declaration on compliance with Code of Conduct is annexed (Annexure IIIC) to this Report.
12.  Particulars of senior management including the changes therein since the close of the previous fi -
nancial year : Disclosed in point No. 24 of Director’s Report.
13.  MD and CFO Certification:
 The Managing Director and Chief Financial Officer have provided a certificate in compliance with the 
Regulations 17(8) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) (Annexure IIIB).
14. Compliance certificate from either the auditors or practicing company secretaries regarding 
compliance of conditions of corporate governance shall be annexed with the Directors’ Report:
 Compliance Certificate on the compliance of conditions of corporate governance pursuant to Para E 
of Schedule V to the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015 from Mr. DS Rao, Practising Company Secretary, 
Hyderabad, is enclosed as an annexure (Annexure IIID) to this Report.
15.  Transfer of shares to Investor Education & Protection Fund (IEPF):
 This provision is not applicable to the Company as the Company has declared dividend only in the year 
2020-21 and seven years have not elapsed from the date of declaration of dividend.
16.  Unclaimed Equity Dividends and Shares:
 This provision is not applicable to the Company as the Company has declared dividend only in the year 
2020-21 and seven years have not elapsed from the date of declaration of dividend.
17.  Guidance for Investor to file claim: Not Applicable
18.  Disclosures with respect to demat suspense account/ unclaimed suspense account:
 Since no shares of the Company have been transferred to Demat Suspense Account/ Unclaimed Suspense 
Account in accordance with Regulation 39 of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015 read with Schedule VI 
thereto, disclosures w.r.t. the same are not applicable to the Company.
19.  Disclosure of certain types of agreements binding listed entities under clause 5A of paragraph A of 
Part A of Schedule III of SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015:
 There were no such agreements entered which has effect either directly or indirectly or potentially or 
whose purpose and effect is to, impact the management or control of the listed entity or impose any 
restriction or create any liability upon the listed entity.
 For and on behalf of the Board of Directors
 Kapston Services Limited
 Sd/-
 Dr. Ramachandra Naidu Chereddi
Place: Hyderabad                                                                                                                        Chairman
Date: August 10, 2026                           DIN: 02096757

--- page 70 ---
Annual Report -2026              
69
Annexure-IIIA
CERTIFICATE OF NON-DISQUALIFICATION OF DIRECTORS
[Pursuant to Regulation 34(3) read with clause (10)(i) of Para C of Schedule V to Securities and  
Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015]
To 
The Members
Kapston Services Limited 
PLOT NO.287, MIG-2, IX PHASE KPHB, 
KUKATPALLY HYDERABAD TELANGANA 500072 IN.
We have examined the relevant registers, records, forms, returns and disclosures received from the directors of 
Kapston Services Limited having CIN: L15400TG2009PLC062658 and having registered office at PLOT NO.287, 
MIG-2, IX PHASE KPHB,  KUKATPALLY, HYDERABAD, TELANGANA 500072 IN. (hereinafter referred to as “the 
Company”), produced before us by the Company for the purpose of issuing this Certificate, in accordance with 
Regulation 34(3) read with Schedule V Para-C Clause 10(i) of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligation and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015.
In our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the verifications (including Director 
Identification Number (DIN) status at the portal www.mca.gov.in) as considered necessary and explanations 
furnished to us by the Company & its officers, We hereby certify that none of the directors on the Board of the 
Company as stated below, for the financial year ending on 31st March, 2026, have been debarred or disqualified 
from being appointed or continuing as directors of companies by the Securities and Exchange Board of India, 
Ministry of Corporate Affairs or any such other statutory authority.
Sr. No Name of Director Nature/ Category of 
Directorship
Director Identification 
Number (DIN)
1 RAMACHANDRA NAIDU CHEREDDI Chairman & Executive Director 02096757
2 KODALI SRIKANTH Managing Director 02464623
3 NAVEEN NANDIGAM Independent Director 02726620
4 VANITHA NAGULAVARI Independent Director 07271674
5 DODDAPANENI KANTI KIRAN Non-Executive Director 07420023
6 NAGESWARA RAO KORIPALLI Independent Director 08734786
Ensuring eligibility for the appointment/ continuity of every director on the Board is the responsibility of the 
management of the Company. Our responsibility is to express and opinion on these, based on our verification. 
This certificate is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor the efficiency or effectiveness 
with which the management has conducted the affairs of the Company.
CS DS Rao
Practicing Company Secretary
M. No. A12394
CP No. 14487
UDIN: A012394H001060716
Peer Review Cer No. 1817/2022
Date: August 10, 2026
Place: Hyderabad 

--- page 71 ---
Annual Report -2026              
70
Annexure - IIIB
COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE
MANAGING DIRECTOR AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER CERTIFICATION
To, 
The Board of Directors
Kapston Services Limited
We, the undersigned, in our respective capacities as Managing Director and Chief Financial Officer of 
Kapston Services Limited (“the Company”), to the best of our knowledge and belief certify that:
1. We have reviewed financial statements and the cash flow statement for the financial year ended 31 March 
2026 and that to the best of our knowledge and belief, we state that:
a.  these statements do not contain any materially untrue statement or omit any material fact or contain 
statements that might be misleading;
b.  these statements together present a true and fair view of Company’s affairs and are in compliance with 
existing accounting standards, applicable laws and regulations.
2.   There are, to the best of our knowledge and belief, no transactions entered into by the Company during 
the year which are fraudulent, illegal or violative of Company’s code of conduct.
3.  We are responsible for establishing and maintaining internal controls and for evaluating the effectiveness 
of internal control systems of the company pertaining to financial reporting and have disclosed to the 
auditors and the Audit Committee, deficiencies in the design or operation of internal controls, if any, of 
which we are aware and the steps we have taken or propose to take to rectify these deficiencies. 
4.   We have indicated based on our most recent evaluation, wherever applicable, to the Auditors and Audit 
Committee:
 a. significant changes in internal controls over financial reporting during the year.
 b. significant changes in accounting policies during the year and that the same have been disclosed in 
the notes to the financial statements and
 c. That there have been no instances of significant fraud of which we have become aware, nvolving of the 
management or an employee having a significant role in the Company’s internal control systems over 
financial reporting. 
Date:  August 10, 2026  Sd/- Sd/-
Place: Hyderabad Srikanth Kodali Kapil Sood
  Managing Director Chief Financial Officer
  (DIN 02464623) 

--- page 72 ---
Annual Report -2026              
71
Annexure - IIIC
DECLARATION REGARDING COMPLIANCE BY BOARD MEMBERS AND SENIOR  
MANAGERIAL PERSONNEL WITH THE COMPANY’S CODE OF CONDUCT 
I, Srikanth Kodali, Managing Director, hereby declare that the Company has received declarations from all the 
Board Members and Senior Managerial Personnel affirming Compliance with the Code of Conduct for the 
Members of the Board and Senior Managerial Personnel for the year ended 31st March, 2026. 
Date:  August 10, 2026  Sd/-                                                 
Place: Hyderabad Srikanth Kodali  
 Managing Director    
 (DIN 02464623) 

--- page 73 ---
Annual Report -2026              
72
Annexure-IIID
AUDITOR CERTIFICATE ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
To 
The Members
KAPSTON SERVICES LIMITED 
PLOT NO.287, MIG-2, IX PHASE KPHB, 
KUKATPALLY HYDERABAD TG 500072 IN
I, have examined the compliance of the conditions of Corporate Governance by Kapston Services Limited 
(hereinafter referred to as “the Company”) for the year ended March 31, 2026 as stipulated in Chapter IV of 
SEBI (Listing Obligation and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (Listing Regulations).
The compliance of the conditions of Corporate Governance is the responsibility of the management. My 
examination was limited to a review of the procedures and implementation thereof, adopted by the Company 
for ensuring the compliance of the conditions of Corporate Governance. It is neither an audit nor an expression 
of opinion on the financial statements of the Company.
I, conducted my examination of the Corporate Governance Report in accordance with the established systems 
and procedures selected by me depending on my judgement, including assessment of the risks associated in 
compliance of the Corporate Governance Report with the applicable criteria. The procedures include, but are 
not limited to, verification of secretarial records and other information of the Company, as I deem necessary to 
arrive at an opinion.   
Based on the procedures performed by me as mentioned above and according to the information and 
explanations provided to me, I am in the opinion that the Company has complied with the conditions of 
Corporate Governance as stipulated in the Listing Regulations as applicable for the year ended March 31, 
2026. 
I, further state that such compliance is neither an assurance as to the financial viability of the Company nor the 
efficiency or effectiveness with which the management has conducted the affairs of the Company.
CS DS Rao
Practicing Company Secretary
M. No. A12394
CP No. 14487
UDIN: A012394H001060749
Peer Review Cer No. 1817/2022
Date: 10.08.2026
Place: Hyderabad 

--- page 74 ---
Annual Report -2026              
73
                                                                                                   Annexure- IV
ANNUAL REPORT ON CSR ACTIVITIES
[Pursuant to Section 135 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Companies  
(Corporate Social Responsibility Policy) Rules, 2014, as amended.]
1. A brief outline of the company’s CSR policy
 In pursuance of the Companies Act, 2013 and in alignment with its vision, the Company through its 
CSR initiatives continues to enhance value creation in the society and in the community in which it 
operates, through its services, conduct and initiatives, so as to promote sustained growth for the society 
and community. The Company’s Vision Statement is to actively contribute to the social and economic 
development of the communities of the area in which we operate. In doing so, build a better, sustainable 
way of life for the underprivileged, and raise their overall standard of living. 
Key Focus Areas of the CSR Policy are: 
• To promoting education
• Rural Development Projects
• Eradicating extreme hunger and poverty to help underprivileged children to access quality education. 
• To promote gender equality and empowering women.
• To help underprivileged children to access quality education
2. Composition of CSR Committee
S. 
No.
Name of the Director Designation/Nature 
of Directorship
Number of CSR 
Meeting held 
during the year
Number of meet-
ings attended 
by Committee 
members
1 Mr. Srikanth Kodali Chairman
(Managing Director)
1 1
2 Ms. Vanitha Nagulavari Member 
(Non- Executive Inde-
pendent Director)
1 1
3 Dr. Ramachandra Naidu Chereddi Member
(Executive  Director)
1 1
3. a. Provide the web-link where composition of CSR committee, CSR Policy and CSR projects approved by 
the Board are disclosed on the website of the Company:
 b. The web link to the composition of CSR Committee is available at https://kapstonservices.com/
investors/#board-committees 
 c. The web link to the CSR policy is available at https://kapstonservices.com/investors/#policies 
 d. The web link to the projects/Annual Report of activities as approved by the Board of Directors is 
available at https://kapstonservices.com/investors/#annual-report 
4. Provide the executive summary along with weblink(s) of Impact Assessment of CSR projects carried out in 
pursuance of sub-rule (3) of rule 8, if applicable: Not Applicable
5. a. Average Net Profit of the Company as per Section 135(5) of the Act: INR 910.46 Lakhs
 b. Two percent of average net profit of the Company as per Section 135(5) of the Act: INR 18.21 Lakhs 
 c. Surplus arising out of the CSR projects or programmes or activities of the previous financial years: Nil.
 d. Amount required to be set off for the Financial Year, if any: Nil
 e. Total CSR obligation for the Financial Year (a+b-c): INR 18.21 Lakhs

--- page 75 ---
Annual Report -2026              
74
6. a.  i. Details of CSR amount spent against ongoing projects for the financial year:: Nil
  ii. Details of CSR amount spent against other than ongoing projects for the financial year:.- INR 20 
Lakhs
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8
S. 
No
Name of the 
Project
Item from 
the list of 
activities 
in schedule 
VII to the 
Act
Local 
area 
(Yes/ 
No)
Location of 
the project
Amount 
spent 
for the 
project 
(Rs. 
Million)
Mode of 
implemen-
tation -  
Direct 
(Yes/ No)
        Mode of 
implementation - Through 
implementing agency
State Dis-
trict
Name CSR Registration 
Number.
1 Sree  
Venkateswara 
Anna  
Prasadam Trust
Eradicating 
hunger, 
poverty, and 
malnutrition.
No Tirupa-
ti, Andhra 
Pradesh.
Rs. 20 
Lakhs
No Sree  
Venkateswara 
Anna 
Prasadam 
Trust
CSR00017180
Total Rs. 20 
Lakhs
         b. Amount spent in Administrative Overheads- NIL
         c. Amount spent on Impact Assessment, if applicable. –NOT APPLICABLE 
        d. Total amount spent for the Financial Year [(a)+(b)+(c)] - INR 20 Lakhs
   e. CSR amount spent or unspent for the Financial Year: -  
Total amount spent Amount Unspent
Total Amount transferred to 
Unspent CSR Account as per 
section 135(6) of the Act
Amount transferred to any fund spec-
ified under Schedule VII as per second 
proviso to Section  
135(5) of the Act
Amount Date of transfer Name of 
the Fund
Amount Date of 
transfer
INR 20 Lakhs -- -- NA -- NA
f. Excess amount for set-off, if any:
S. No. Particulars Amount (INR) (In Lakhs)
(i) Two percent of average Net Profit of the Company as per Section 
135(5) of the Act
18.21
(ii) Total amount spent for the Financial Year 20
(iii) Excess amount spent for the Financial Year [(ii)-(i)] 1.79
(iv) Surplus arising out of the CSR projects or programmes or activities of 
the previous financial years, if any
0
(v) Amount payable for set off in succeeding financial years [(iii)-(iv)] 1.79

--- page 76 ---
Annual Report -2026              
75
7. Details of Unspent CSR amount for the preceding three Financial Years:
S.No. Preceding 
Financial 
Year
Amount
Transferred to
Unspent CSR
Account 
under
Section 35(6)
(INR in Lakhs)
Amount
spent in 
the
Reporting
Financial
Year (INR 
in Lakhs)
Amount transferred to any 
fund specified under Schedule 
VIIas per second proviso to 
section 135(5)
Amount  
remaining to be 
spent in remaining
Financial Years  
(INR in Lakhs)
Name of 
the Fund
Amount Date of 
Transfer
Not Applicable
8. Whether any capital assets have been created or acquired through CSR amount spent in the Financial Year: 
No
 If yes, enter the number of Capital Assets created/acquired: Not Applicable
Furnish the details relating to such asset(s) so created or acquired through Corporate Social Responsibility 
amount spent in the Financial Year:
Sl. 
No. 
Short Particulars of the  
property or asset(s)  
{including complete address and 
location of the property}
Pincode 
of the 
property or 
asset(s)
Date of 
creation
Amount 
of CSR 
amount 
spent
Details of entity/ Authority/ 
beneficiary of the registered 
owner
CSR Reg-
istration 
Number, if 
applicable 
Name Registered 
address
9. Specify the reason(s), if the company has failed to spend two per cent of the average net profit as per 
subsection (5) of Section 135: Not applicable
 
For and on behalf of the Board
Kapston Services Limited
           
 Sd/- Sd/-                                                  
 Kodali Srikanth Ramachandra Naidu Chereddi
 Managing Director &  Chairman 
 Chairman of CSR Committee DIN: 02096757 
 DIN: 02464623                                                       

--- page 77 ---
Annual Report -2026              
76
Annexure V
Information as per Rule 5 of Chapter XIII, Companies (Appointment and Remuneration 
of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014
A. Information relating to remuneration of Directors / Key Managerial Personnel as required under 
Section 197(12) of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Rule 5(1) of the Companies (Appointment 
and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014
i) The percentage increase in remuneration of each Director, Chief Financial Officer and Company 
Secretary during the financial year 2025-2026 and the ratio of the remuneration of each director 
to the median remuneration of the employees of the Company for the financial year
S.No Name of Director/Key Manageri-
al Personnel
Remunera-
tion 2024-25 
(p.a) INR
Remunera-
tion 2025-
26 (p.a) INR
Percent-age 
(%)
 Change 
Ratio to 
Median 
Remuneration
1 Mr. Srikanth Kodali# 1,20,00,000 1,92,32,143 60.27% 41.90
2 Dr. Ramachandra Naidu Chereddi 15,00,000 15,00,000 0% 3.27
3 Mr. Kapil Sood 47,27,176 72,68,474 53.76% 15.84
 4 Ms. Triveni Banda* 8,41,440 8,64,842 2.78% 1.88
Note: Ms. Kanti Kiran Doddapaneni has abstained from receiving remuneration from the Company and 
hence,  not stated.
# During the year under review,  the Members, through Postal Ballot held on April 16, 2026, re-appointed 
Mr. Srikanth Kodali as Managing Director of the Company for a further period of three (3) years with effect 
from February 6, 2026, at an annual remuneration of Rs. 3,60,00,000.
*During the year under review, Ms. Triveni Banda resigned as Company Secretary with effect from January 
27, 2026 and Mr. K. Ramesha was appointed as Company Secretary with effect from April 24, 2026.
The company has not paid any remuneration (except sitting fee) to the Non-Executive Directors of the 
company during the financial year under review (i.e. FY 2025-2026)
(Rs. In Lakhs)
Independent /Non-Executive Directors Sitting fee Ratio to Median 
Remuneration 
Mr. Naveen Nandigam 2.00 0.44
Ms. Vanitha Nagulavari 2.00 0.44
Mr. K Nageswara Rao 2.00 0.44
ii)  The percentage of increase in the median remuneration of employees in the financial year: 
1.77%
iii)  The number of permanent employees on the rolls of the Company:
 There are 452 permanent employees on the rolls of the Company as on March 31, 2026 and the median 
remuneration of the employees of the company for the financial year 2025-26 is Rs. 4,58,952/-.
iv)  The percentage increase in the salaries of employees other than Managerial Personnel in Financial 
Year 2025-26 was 1.42%. The increments given to employees are based on their potential, 
performance and contribution, which are bench marked against applicable Industry norms.
v)  Affirmation that the remuneration is as per the remuneration policy:  It is hereby affirmed that 
the remuneration paid to Directors, Key Managerial Personnel and Senior Management is as per the 
Nomination and Remuneration Policy of the Company.

--- page 78 ---
Annual Report -2026              
77
B. Information relating to remuneration of Directors / Key Managerial Personnel as required under 
Section 197(12) of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Rule 5(2) of the Companies (Appointment 
and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014.
 The statement is available on the website of the company at www.kapstonservices.com. Members in -
terested in obtaining these particulars may write to the company secretary at the registered office of the 
company.
 *No. of Shares held and percentage of shareholding in the company as on March 31, 2026.
For and on behalf of the Board
Kapston Services Limited
Sd/-
  Dr. Ramachandra Naidu Chereddi
Chairman 
(DIN 02096757) 

--- page 79 ---
Annual Report -2026              
78
Annexure VI
Form No. MR-3
SECRETARIAL AUDIT REPORT
 [Pursuant to section 204(1) of the Companies Act, 2013 and rule No.9 of the Companies (Appointment and 
Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014]
To 
THE MEMBERS 
KAPSTON SERVICES LIMITED
HYDERABAD
We have conducted the Secretarial Audit of the compliance of applicable statutory provisions and the adherence 
to good corporate practices by KAPSTON SERVICES LIMITED, (hereinafter referred to as (“the Company”). The 
Secretarial Audit was conducted in a manner that provided us a reasonable basis for evaluating the corporate 
conducts/statutory compliances and expressing our opinion thereon. 
Based on our verification of the Company’s books, papers, minute books, forms and returns filed and other 
records maintained by the Company and also the information provided by the Company, its officers, agents and 
authorized representatives during the conduct of Secretarial Audit, we hereby report that, in our opinion, the 
Company has, during the audit period covering the Financial Year ended March 31, 2026, complied with the 
statutory provisions listed hereunder and also that the Company has proper board-processes and compliance-
mechanisms in place to the extent, in the manner and subject to the reporting made hereinafter: 
We have examined the books, papers, minute books, forms, and returns filed and other records maintained by 
the Company according to the provisions of: 
(i) The Companies Act, 2013 (the Act) (applicable Sections as on date) and the rules made thereunder; 
(ii) The Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act, 1956 (‘SCRA’) and the rules made thereunder;
(iii)  The Depositories Act, 1996 and the regulations and bye-laws framed by the Securities and Exchange Board 
of India (‘SEBI’) thereunder; 
(iv) The following Regulations and guidelines prescribed under the Securities and Exchange Board of India Act, 
1992 (‘SEBI Act’): 
(a) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Substantial Acquisition of Shares and Takeovers) 
Regulations, 2011; 
(b) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations, 2015; 
(c) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015;
(d) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Depositories and Participants) Regulations, 2018;
(e) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue of Capital and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2018; 
(v) Provisions of the following Regulations and Guidelines prescribed under the Securities and Exchange 
Board of India Act, 1992 (‘SEBI Act’) were not applicable to the Company during the Financial Year under 
review:
(a)  The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue and Listing of Non-Convertible Securities) Regulations, 
2021; 
(b)  The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Delisting of Equity Shares) Regulations, 2021; and 
(c)  The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Buyback of Securities) Regulations, 2018; 
(d)  The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Share Based Employee Benefits and Sweat Equity) 
Regulations, 2021;

--- page 80 ---
Annual Report -2026              
79
(vi) The industry-specific laws that are applicable to the Company are as follows:
(a) Contract Labour (Regulation & Abolition) Act, 1970
(b) Private Security Agencies (Regulation) Act, 2005
We have also examined compliance with the applicable clauses of the following: 
i) Secretarial Standards SS-1 and SS-2 with respect to meetings of the Board of Directors and General 
Meetings respectively, issued by The Institute of Company Secretaries of India and notified by the Ministry 
of Corporate Affairs.
We report that, during the period under review, the Company has duly complied with the provisions of the 
Companies Act, 2013, the Regulations of SEBI, and other acts, as specified above, applicable to the industry of 
the Company.
We further report that 
The Board of Directors of the Company is duly constituted with a proper balance of Executive Directors, Non-
Executive Directors, and Independent Directors. During the period under review and till the date of this report 
the following changes took place in the composition of the Board of Directors:
S. No. Name of the Director Appointment/
Reappointment/
Cessation
Our Comments
1 Mr. Srikanth Kodali Re-Appointment Reappointed as a Managing director for 3 years 
at the BM held on 06th February, 2026 in accor-
dance with the Postal Ballot resolution approval 
dated 16th April 2026, upon retirement by rotation 
in accordance with the provisions of Sec. 152 of 
Companies Act, 2013.
2 Ms. Kanti Kiran 
Doddapaneni
Re-Appointment Reappointed as Director of the Company at the 
17th AGM held on 24th September, 2025 upon 
retirement by rotation in accordance with the pro-
visions of Sec. 152 of Companies Act, 2013.
3 Mr.Nageswara Rao 
Koripalli
Re-Appointment Re-appointed as the Independent Director of the 
Company vide the Postal Ballot Resolution dated 
26th April 2025 in accordance with the provisions 
of Sec. 152 of Companies Act, 2013.
Based on our verifications and the declarations received from the respective directors, we further report that, 
the directors are not disqualified to act as such under the provisions of the Companies Act, Orders/ Circulars/ 
Regulations issued by SEBI, or such other acts, for the time being enforceable.
Adequate notice was given to all the directors to schedule the Board Meetings. Agenda and detailed notes 
on agenda were sent at least seven days in advance, and a system exists for seeking and obtaining further 
information and clarifications on the agenda items before the meeting and for meaningful participation at the 
meeting. As a general practice of the Board, decisions were taken on unanimous consent.
We further report that no prosecutions were initiated and no fines or penalties were imposed for the year, 
under the Companies Act, the SEBI Act, the SCRA, or other SEBI Regulations, on the Company or its directors 
and officers.
We further report that there are adequate systems and processes in the Company, commensurate with the 
size and operations of the Company, to monitor and ensure compliance with applicable laws, rules, regulations, 
and guidelines. 
We further report that the Company has increased its Authorized share capital from ₹11,50,00,000/- (Rupees 
Eleven Crores Fifty Lakh only) divided into 2,30,00,000 (Two Crore Thirty Lakhs) Equity Shares of ₹5/- (Rupees 
Five) each to ₹20,00,00,000/- (Rupees Twenty Crores only) divided into 4,00,00,000 (Four Crores) Equity Shares 
of ₹5/- (Rupees Five) each by altering its Memorandum of Association vide Postal Ballot Resolution dated 28th 
February 2026.

--- page 81 ---
Annual Report -2026              
80
We further report that  the Company has issued and allotted 1,01,44,061 bonus equity shares of Rs.5/- 
(Rupees Five Only) each in the ratio of 1:2, i.e., 1 (one) new fully paid-up equity share of ₹ 5/- each for every 2 
(Two) existing fully paid-up equity shares of ₹ 5/-  each held, to all the eligible shareholders vide Postal Ballot 
Resolution dated 28th February 2026 and board resolution dated 23rd January 2026, thereby consequently 
increasing the paid up share capital of the Company from Rs.10,14,40,610/- to Rs.15,21,60,915/-.
For VCAN & Associates
Company Secretaries
Date: August 10, 2026
Place: Hyderabad 
                                                                                                   
Santosh Kumar Gunemoni
M. No. A60103; C.P . No. 27836
UDIN: A060103H001060443
Peer review vide certificate No: 6565/2025
Note: This report is to be read with our letter of even date which is annexed as  ‘Annexure A’ and forms an 
integral part of this report.

--- page 82 ---
Annual Report -2026              
81
‘Annexure A’
To, 
THE MEMBERS, 
KAPSTON SERVICES LIMITED 
HYDERABAD
Our report of even date is to be read along with this letter.
1. Maintenance of Secretarial records is the responsibility of the management of the Company. Our respon-
sibility is to express an opinion on these Secretarial records based on our audit.
2. We have followed the audit practices and processes as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance 
about the correctness of the contents of the Secretarial records. The verification was done on test basis to 
ensure that correct facts are reflected in the Secretarial records. We believe that the processes and practic-
es we followed provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
3. We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of financial records and Books of Accounts of 
the Company.
4. Wherever required, we have obtained Management representation about the compliance of laws, rules, 
and regulations and happening of events, etc.
5. The compliance of the provisions of Corporate and other applicable laws, rules, regulations, standards is 
the responsibility of the management. Our examination was limited to the verification of procedures on 
test basis.
6. The Secretarial Audit report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor of the 
efficacy or effectiveness with which the management has conducted the affairs of the Company.
For VCAN & Associates
Company Secretaries
Date: August 10, 2026
Place: Hyderabad 
                                                                                                   
Santosh Kumar Gunemoni
M. No. A60103; C.P . No. 27836
UDIN: A060103H001060443
Peer review vide certificate No: 6565/2025

--- page 83 ---
Annual Report -2026              
82
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT
TO THE MEMBERS OF KAPSTON SERVICES LIMITED
Report on the Audit of the Standalone Financial Statements 
Opinion
We have audited the accompanying Standalone financial statements of KAPSTON SERVICES LIMITED (“the 
Company”), which comprise the Balance Sheet as at 31 March 2026, the Statement of Profit and Loss (including 
other comprehensive income), the statement of changes in equity and the Statement of Cash Flows for the 
year ended on that date, and a summary of the material accounting policies and other explanatory information.
In our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the explanations given to us, the aforesaid 
standalone financial statements give the information required by the Companies Act, 2013 (“the  Act”) in  
the  manner so  required and give a true and fair view in conformity with the  Indian Accounting Standards 
prescribed under section 133 of the Act read with the Companies (Indian Accounting Standards)Rules, 2015, as 
amended, (“Ind AS”) and other accounting principles generally accepted in India, of the state of affairs of the 
Company as at 31 March 2026, its profit, total comprehensive income, changes in equity and its cash flows for 
the year ended on that date.
Basis for Opinion
We conducted our audit of the standalone financial statements in accordance with the Standards on Auditing 
specified under section 143(10) of the Act (SAs). Our responsibilities under those Standards are further described 
in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the standalone Financial Statements section of our report. We 
are independent of the Company in accordance with the Code of Ethics issued by the Institute of Chartered 
Accountants of India (ICAI) together with the independence requirements that are relevant to our audit of the 
Standalone financial statements under the provisions of the Act and the Rules made there under, and we have 
fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements and the ICAI’s Code of Ethics. 
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our 
audit opinion on the standalone financial statements.
Key Audit Matters 
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit 
of the Standalone financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of 
our audit of the Standalone financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do 
not provide a separate opinion on these matters. 
We have determined the matters described below to be the key audit matters to be communicated in our 
report. The results of our audit procedures, including the procedures performed to address the matters below, 
provide the basis for our audit opinion on the accompanying Standalone financial statements.
Key Audit Matters      How the Matter was addressed in Audit
Accuracy of recognition, measurement, 
presentation & disclosures of revenue
The company’s revenue for the financial year ending 
31 March 2026 is Rs 83,032.35 Lakhs.
A significant portion of the company’s revenue is d                  
erived from contracts with customers which consist 
of rendering of services.
Revenue is recognized when the control is 
transferred to the customer and when the Company 
has completed its performance obligations in 
accordance with the contractual terms.
Revenue is measured at the fair value of 
consideration received or receivable.
Principal Audit Procedures
• Our audit procedures include testing and 
evaluation of the internal control system 
implemented in respect of revenue and related 
activities. Our audit also consists of performing 
analytical procedures, review of contracts and 
agreements with the customers to understand 
the performance obligations of the parties. 
• We have also performed testing of key controls 
over the contract process including contract 
monitoring, measurement of critical elements 
of the contract based on which revenue is 
recognized, invoicing and authorizations 
over certain systems used to generate the 
information. The basis for the evaluation 
of internal control has been performed on 
sample basis

--- page 84 ---
Annual Report -2026              
83
Further, the contractual terms also determine the measure-
ment and recognition of revenue and profit. The Company 
is therefore required to make operational and financial as-
sumptions and various judgements.
The nature of services provided by the company also gives 
rise to accrued/unbilled revenue with corresponding profit 
recognition. Accrued/unbilled income for the financial year 
ending 31 March 2026 is Rs 1,683.50 Lakhs.
Judgements include:
• Interpretation of contract terms.
• Allocation of revenue to performance conditions; and
• Combining of obligations where the services are 
related
Trade Receivable:
Trade receivables, as indicated in Note No 10, comprise a 
significant portion of the total assets of the Company and 
serve as security for a majority of the Company’s short-
term debt. Total debtors constitute 58.82% of the total as-
sets of the company and the outstanding trade receivables 
are about 90 days of the total revenue.
Accordingly, the value of receivables comprises a signifi -
cant portion of the total assets of the company.
Deferred tax assets:
The company has recognized Rs 1,607.35 Lakhs of deferred 
tax assets as at 31 March 2026. The recognition of deferred 
tax asset involves judgment by management regarding the 
likelihood of the realization of these assets. The expecta -
tion that these assets will be realized is dependent on a 
number of factors, including whether there will be a suffi -
cient taxable profit in future periods that support the utili-
zation of these assets.
For details refer to note 8 of the Standalone financial 
statements.
We have performed the following audit procedures:
Obtained a sample of contracts to confirm that revenue 
had been appropriately recognized. Tested the revenue 
recognized with supporting documentation which includes 
attendance records, customer acceptance, reviewing 
customer correspondence where necessary and ensuring 
cut-off had been appropriately applied.
Based on our audit, no significant observations have 
been noted which have resulted in reporting to the audit 
committee. Our overall conclusion is that there are, in all 
material respects, proper processes in place to recognize 
the correct billed and unbilled revenue in the financial 
statement.
Our audit approach was a combination of test of internal 
controls and substantive procedures which included the 
following: 
• Evaluate and test the controls for managing trade 
receivables like credit limits and subsequent recovery,
• Assessing the recoverability of long out Standings, 
• Evaluation of status of disputes and possibility of 
recovery,
• Seek independent confirmations and apply alternate 
audit procedures in case of non replies. 
Conclusion 
Our procedures did not identify any material exceptions.
Our audit procedure in relation to recognition of deferred 
tax assets/liabilities includes: 
• Evaluation of design and testing the operating 
effectiveness of key controls implemented by the 
company over recognition of deferred tax assets 
based on the assessment of the company’s ability to 
generate sufficient taxable profits in the foreseeable 
future allowing the use of deferred tax assets.
• Tested the arithmetical accuracy of the calculations 
performed by the management.
• Evaluated management’s assessment for adjustment 
of such deferred tax assets as per the provisions of 
Income tax Act, 1961 and appropriateness of the 
accounting treatment with respect to the recognition 
of deferred tax assets as per requirements of Ind AS 
12, Income taxes.
• Evaluated the appropriateness of the disclosures made 
in the financial statements in respect of deferred tax 
assets.
 
Information Other than the Standalone Financial Statements and Auditor’s Report Thereon
The Company’s management and Board of Directors are responsible for the preparation of the other information. The other 
information comprises the information included in the Management Discussion and Analysis, Board’s Report including 
Annexures to Board’s Report, Corporate Governance and Shareholder’s Information, but does not include the Standalone 
financial statements and our auditor’s report there on. The other information is expected to be made available to us after 
the date of this auditor’s report.

--- page 85 ---
Annual Report -2026              
84
Our opinion on the Standalone financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any form 
of assurance conclusion there on.
In connection with our audit of the Standalone financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information 
and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the financial statements or our 
knowledge obtained during the course of our audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.
When we read the other information identified above, if we conclude that there is a material misstatement therein, we are 
required to communicate the matter to those charged with governance.
Management’s Responsibility for the Standalone Financial Statements
The Company’s Board of  Directors are responsible for  the  matters stated in  section 134(5)  of the  Act with  respect  to 
the preparation of these Standalone financial statements that  give  a  true  and  fair  view  of  the  financial  position, 
financial performance, total comprehensive income, and cash flows  of the  Company  in  accordance with the accounting 
principles generally  accepted  in  India, referred to in Section 133 of Companies Act 2013, read with the Companies (Indian 
Accounting standard) Rules, 2015.This  responsibility  also  includes maintenance of adequate accounting records in 
accordance with the provisions of the  Act for safeguarding  the assets of the Company and for preventing and detecting 
frauds and other irregularities; selection and application of appropriate accounting policies; making judgments and 
estimates that are reasonable and prudent; and design, implementation and maintenance of adequate internal financial 
controls, that were operating effectively for ensuring the accuracy and completeness of the accounting records, relevant 
to the preparation and presentation of the financial  statements that give a true and fair view and are free from material 
misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.
In preparing the Standalone financial statements, management is responsible for assessing the Company’s ability to 
continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern 
basis of accounting unless management either intends to liquidate the Company or to cease operations, or has no realistic 
alternative but to do so.
The Board of Directors are responsible for overseeing the Company’s financial reporting process.
Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Standalone Financial Statements
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these Standalone financial statements based on our audit. We have taken 
into account the provisions of the Act, the accounting and auditing standards and matters which are required to be 
included in the audit report under the provisions of the Act and the Rules made there under.
We conducted our audit in accordance with the Standards on Auditing specified under section 143(10) of the Act. Those 
Standards require that we comply with ethical requirements and plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance 
about whether the financial statements are free from material misstatement.
An audit involves performing procedures to obtain audit evidence about the amounts and disclosures in the financial 
statements. The procedures selected depend on the auditor’s judgment, including the assessment of the risks of material 
misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to fraud or error. In making those risk assessments, the auditor 
considers internal control relevant to the Company’s preparation and fair presentation of the financial statements in order to 
design audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances. An audit also includes evaluating the appropriateness of 
accounting policies used and the reasonableness of the accounting estimates made by management, as well as evaluating 
the overall presentation of the financial statements.
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit opinion.
As part of an audit in accordance with SAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism 
throughout the audit. We also:
• Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the Standalone financial statements, whether due to fraud 
or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient 
and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from 
fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, 
misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.
• Obtain an understanding of internal financial controls relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that 
are appropriate in the circumstances. Under section 143(3)(i) of the Act, we are also responsible for expressing our 
opinion on whether the Company has an adequate internal financial controls system in place and the operating 
effectiveness of such controls.

--- page 86 ---
Annual Report -2026              
85
• Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related 
disclosures made by management.
• Conclude on the appropriateness of management’s use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the 
audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant 
doubt on the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are 
required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the Standalone Financial statements or, 
if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained 
up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Company to cease to 
continue as a going concern.
• Evaluate the overall presentation, structure, and content of the Standalone financial statements, including the 
disclosures, and whether the Standalone financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a 
manner that achieves fair presentation.
Materiality is the magnitude of misstatements in the Standalone financial statements that, individually or in aggregate, 
makes it probable that the economic decisions of a reasonably knowledgeable user of the financial statements may be 
influenced. We consider quantitative materiality and qualitative factors in (i) planning the scope of our audit work and in 
evaluating the results of our work; and (ii) to evaluate the effect of any identified misstatements in the standalone financial 
statements.
We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing 
of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during 
our audit.
We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements 
regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be 
thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, related safeguards.
From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that were of significance 
in the audit of the financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters. We describe these 
matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely 
rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be in our report because the adverse consequences of doing 
so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication 
 
Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements
1. As required by the Companies (Auditor’s Report) Order, 2020, issued by the central government, in terms of section 
143 (11) of the companies Act, 2013, and on the basis of our examination of the books and records as we considered 
appropriate and according to the information and explanation given to us, we give in the “Annexure A” a statement 
on the matters specified in paragraph 3 and 4 of the Order, to the extent applicable. 
2. As required by section 143(3) of the Companies Act 2013, we report that:
a. We have sought and obtained all the information and explanations which to the best of our knowledge and belief 
were necessary for the purpose of our audit.
b. In our opinion proper books of account as required by law have been kept by the Company so far as appears from 
our examination of those books.
c. The Balance Sheet, the Statement of Profit and Loss including Other Comprehensive Income, Statement of Changes 
in Equity and the Statement of Cash Flows dealt with by this report are in agreement with the books of account.
d. In our opinion, the aforesaid standalone financial statements comply with the Ind AS specified under Section 133 
of the Act read with Rule 7 of the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014
e. On the basis of written representations received from the directors as on 31 March 2026, and taken on record 
by the Board of Directors, none of the directors is disqualified as on 31 March 2026, from being appointed as a 
director in terms of sub section (2) of section 164 of the Companies Act, 2013.
f. with respect to the adequacy of the internal financial controls over financial reporting of the Company and the 
operating effectiveness of such controls, refer to our separate report in “Annexure B”; and

--- page 87 ---
Annual Report -2026              
86
g. With respect to the other matters to be included in the Auditor’s Report in accordance with the requirements of 
section 197(16) of the Act, as amended in our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the 
explanations given to us, the remuneration paid by the Company to its directors during the year is in accordance 
with the provisions of section 197 of the Act.
h. With respect to the other matters to be included in the Auditor’s Report in accordance with Rule 11 of the 
Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014, in our opinion and to the best of our information and according to 
the explanations given to us:
i. There are no pending litigations for or against the Company which would impact its financial position.
ii. The Company does not have any derivatives contracts. Further there are no long-term contracts for which 
provisions for any material foreseeable losses are required to be made.
iii. There are no amounts pending that are required to be transferred to Investor Education and Protection Fund.
iv. a. The Management has represented that, to the best of its knowledge and belief, no funds (which are 
material either individually or in the aggregate) have been advanced or loaned or invested (either from 
borrowed funds or share premium or any other sources or kind of funds) by the Company to or in 
any other person or entity, including foreign entity (“Intermediaries”), with the understanding, whether 
recorded in writing or otherwise, that the Intermediary shall, whether, directly or indirectly lend or invest in 
other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or on behalf of the Company (“Ultimate 
Beneficiaries”) or provide any guarantee, security or the like on behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries;
b. The Management has represented that, to the best of its knowledge and belief, no funds (which are 
material either individually or in the aggregate) have been received by the Company from any person or 
entity, including foreign entity (“Funding Parties”), with  the understanding, whether recorded inwriting or 
otherwise, that the Company shall, whether, directly or indirectly, lender invest in other persons or entities 
identified in any manner what so ever by or on behalf of the Funding Party(“Ultimate Beneficiaries”) or 
provide any guarantee, security or the like on behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries;
c. Based on such audit procedures that we considered reasonable and appropriate in the circumstances, 
nothing has come to our notice that has caused us to believe that the representations under Sub-clause 
(a) and (b) contain any material misstatement.
v. The Company has neither declared nor paid any dividend during the year and until the date of this report
vi. Based on our examination, which included test checks, the company have used an accounting software for 
maintaining its books of account which has a feature of recording audit trail (edit log) facility and the same 
has operated throughout the year for all relevant transactions recorded in the software. Further, during our 
audit, we did not come across any instance of audit trail feature being tampered with.
 Furthermore, the audit trail has been preserved by the company as per the statutory requirements of record 
retention where the audit trial feature has been enabled.
For NSVR &ASSOCIATES LLP .,
Chartered Accountants
Firm Registration No: 008801S/S200060
Venkata Ratnam Pichikala
Partner
M.no:230675
UDIN: 26230675FBVFXN2782
Date: May 27, 2026
Place: Hyderabad.   

--- page 88 ---
Annual Report -2026              
87
ANNEXURE ‘A’ TO THE INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT
(Referred to in paragraph 1 under ‘Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements’ section of our report to 
the Members of KAPSTON SERVICES LIMITED of even date)
To the best of our information and according to the explanations provided to us by the Company and the books of account 
and records examined by us in the normal course of audit, we state that.
i. a.  In respect of the Company’s Property, Plant and Equipment: 
A. According to the information and explanations given to us and on the basis of our examination of the 
records of the company, the company has maintained proper records full particulars, including quantitative 
details and situation of Property, Plant and Equipment and relevant details of Right of Use Assets.
B. Maintenance of Proper records for Intangible records is not applicable to the company.
b. According to the information and explanations given to us and on the basis of our examination of the records of 
the Company, the Company has a regular program of physical verification of its Property, Plant and Equipment 
by which all property, plant and equipment are verified in a phased manner over a period of three years. In 
accordance with this program, certain property, plant, and equipment were verified during the year. In our 
opinion, this periodicity of physical verification is reasonable having regard to the size of the Company and the 
nature of its assets. No material discrepancies were noticed on such verification.
c. According to the information and explanations given to us, the records examined by us and based on the 
examination of the conveyance deeds / registered sale deed Provided to us, we report that, the title deeds, 
comprising all the immovable properties of land and buildings which are freehold, are held in the name of the 
Company as at the balance sheet date(other than properties where the company is the lessee and the lease 
agreements are duly executed in favour of the lessee).
d. According to the information and explanations given to us and on the basis of our examination of the records of 
the Company, the Company has not revalued its Property, Plant and Equipment (including Right of Use assets). 
e. According to information and explanations given to us and on the basis of our examination of the records of the 
Company, there are no proceedings initiated or pending against the Company for holding any benami property 
under the Prohibition of Benami Property Transactions Act, 1988 and rules made thereunder.
ii. a. The inventory, except stock lying with third parties, has been physically verified by the management during 
the year. For stock lying with third parties at the year end, written confirmation have been obtained or the 
stock listing is obtained from third parties. In our opinion, the frequency of such verification is reasonable, 
and procedures and coverage as followed by management were appropriate. No discrepancies were noticed 
on verification between the physical stocks and the book records that were more than 10% in the aggregate 
of each class of inventory.
b. According to the information and explanations given to us and on the basis of our examination of the 
records of the Company, the Company has been sanctioned working capital limits in excess of five crore 
rupees, in aggregate, from banks or financial institutions on the basis of security of current assets. In our 
opinion, the quarterly returns or statements filed by the Company with such banks or financial institutions 
agree with the books of accounts of the Company.
iii. According to the information and explanations given to us and on the basis of our examination of the records 
of the company, During the year the company has made investment in, provided guarantee or security, granted 
unsecured loans to companies, firms, Limited liability Partnership or any other parties during the year in respect 
of which the requisite information is set out below.
a. (A) Based on the audit procedures carried on by us and as per the information and explanations given to us, 
the Company has not provided any advances in the nature of loans. However, the Company has given loans or 
guarantee to subsidiaries which are disclosed hereunder 
As at 31.03.2026           In Lakhs
Particulars Corporate GuaranteeCorporate Guarantee Loan
Aggregate amount provided during the year to subsidiaries NIL 131.07
Balance outstanding as at the Balance sheet date in respect of the 
above subsidiaries
159.05

--- page 89 ---
Annual Report -2026              
88
As at 31.03.2025           In Lakhs
Particulars Corporate GuaranteeCorporate Guarantee Loan
Aggregate amount provided during the year to subsidiaries 1000.00 27.98
Balance outstanding as at the Balance sheet date in respect of the 
above subsidiaries
27.98
B. The company has not made investments, provided guarantees, provided security and granted advances in the nature 
of loans to companies, firms, Limited Liability Partnerships or any other parties other than subsidiaries. Accordingly, 
the requirement to report on clause 3(iii)(b) of the order is not applicable to the company to that extent.
b. In our opinion, the investments made, guarantees provided and security given and the terms and conditions of the 
grant of all loans and guarantees provided, during the year are, prima facie, not prejudicial to the Company’s interest.
c. According to the information and explanations given to us and on the basis of our examination of the records of 
the Company, in respect of loans granted by the Company, the schedule of repayment of principal and payment of 
interest has been stipulated and the repayments or receipts are regular.
d. According to the information and explanations given to us and on the basis of our examination of the records of the 
Company, there is no amount overdue in respect of the loans as per the respective loan agreements.
e. According to the information and explanations given to us and on the basis of our examination of the records of 
the Company, there is no loan which has been renewed or extended or fresh loans granted to settle the overdue of 
existing loans given to same parties. Hence reporting under clause 3(iii)(e) is not applicable.
f. The Company has not granted any loans or advances in the nature of loans either repayable on demand or without 
specifying any terms or period of repayment during the year. Hence the reporting under clause 3(iii)(f) of the Order 
is not applicable.
iv. The company has not advanced any loans or guarantees to the directors of the company. Hence this clause is not 
applicable to the company.
v. The Company has not accepted any deposits from the public and hence the directives issued by the Reserve Bank 
of India and the provisions of Sections 73 to 76 or any other relevant provisions of the Act and the Companies 
(Acceptance of Deposit) Rules, 2015 with regard to the deposits accepted from the public are not applicable.
vi. As per information & explanation given by the management, The Central Government of India has not prescribed 
the maintenance of cost records under section 148(1) of the Act, for any of the services rendered by the Company. 
Accordingly, paragraph 3(vi) of the order is not applicable to the Company.
vii. In respect of statutory dues: 
a. In our opinion, the Company has generally been regular in depositing undisputed statutory dues, including Goods 
and Services tax, Provident Fund, Employees’ State Insurance, Income Tax, Cess and other material statutory dues 
applicable to it with the appropriate authorities. 
There were no undisputed amounts payable in respect of Goods and Service tax, Provident Fund, Employees’ State 
Insurance, Income Tax, Cess and other material statutory dues in arrears as at 31 March 2026 for a period of more than 
six months from the date they became payable.
b. Details of statutory dues referred to in sub clause (a) above which have not been deposited as on March 31,2026 on 
account of disputes are given below.
Name of the 
Statute
Nature of dues Amount 
(Rs in Lakhs)
Period to which the 
amount relates FY
Forum Where the 
dispute is Pending
The Income tax 
Act ,1961
Income tax 121.12 2016-17 High Court for the 
state of Telangana
viii. According to the information and explanation given to us and on the basis of our examination of the records of 
the company, there were no transactions relating to previously unrecorded income that have been surrendered or 
disclosed as income during the year in the tax assessments under the Income Tax Act, 1961 (43 of 1961).
ix. 
a. According to the information and explanation given to us and on the basis of our examination of the records of the 
company, the Company has not defaulted in repayment of loans or other borrowings or in the payment of interest to 
any lender during the year.

--- page 90 ---
Annual Report -2026              
89
b. The Company has not been declared a willful defaulter by any bank or financial institution or government or any 
government authority. 
c. In our opinion, and according to the information and explanation given to us, the terms loans have been applied for 
the purpose for which they have been obtained.
d. According to the information and explanations given to us, and the procedures performed by us, and on an overall 
examination of the financial statements of the company, we report that the company has not use any short-term funds 
raised for long term purposes during the year.
e. According to the information and explanation given to us and on the basis of our examination of the records of the 
company, the Company has not taken any funds from any entity or person on account of or to meet the obligations.
f. According to information and explanation given to us and based on the examination of the records, the company has 
not raised any loans on the pledge of securities held in its subsidiaries and the company does not have any associate, 
or Joint venture. Accordingly, the requirement to report on clause (ix)(f) of the order is not applicable to the company.
x. 
a. The Company has not raised money by way of an initial public offer or further public offer (including debt instruments) 
during the year and hence reporting under clause 3(x)(a) of the Order is not applicable. 
b. During the year, the Company has not made any preferential allotment or private placement of shares or convertible 
debentures (fully or partly or optionally) and hence reporting under clause is not applicable.
xi. 
a. No fraud by the Company and no material fraud on the Company has been noticed or reported during the year. 
b. No report under sub-section (12) of section 143 of the Companies Act has been filed in Form ADT-4 as prescribed 
under rule 13 of Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014 with the Central Government, during the year and up to 
the date of this report. 
c. No whistle blower complaints received by the Company during the year (and up to the date of this report).
xii. The Company is not a Nidhi Company and hence reporting under clause (xii) of the Order is not applicable.
xiii. In our opinion, the Company is in compliance with Section 177 and 188 of the Companies Act, 2013 with respect to 
applicable transactions with the related parties and the details of related party transactions have been disclosed in the 
financial statements as required by the applicable accounting standards.
xiv. 
a. In our opinion the Company has an adequate internal audit system commensurate with the size and the nature of its 
business. 
b. We have considered the internal audit reports for the year under audit, issued to the Company during the year and till 
date, in determining the nature, timing and extent of our audit procedures.
xv. In our opinion during the year the Company has not entered into any non-cash transactions with its directors or 
persons connected with its directors. and hence provisions of section 192 of the Companies Act, 2013 are not 
applicable to the Company.
xvi. In our opinion, the Company is not required to be registered under section 45-IA of the Reserve Bank of India Act, 
1934. Hence, reporting under clause 3(xvi)(a), (b) and (c) of the Order is not applicable. 
In our opinion, there is no core investment company within the Group (as defined in the Core Investment Companies 
(Reserve Bank) Directions, 2016) and accordingly reporting under clause 3(xvi)(d) of the Order is not applicable
xvii. The Company has not incurred cash losses during the financial year covered by our audit and the immediately 
preceding financial year.
xviii. There has been no resignation of the statutory auditors of the Company during the year.
xix. On the basis of the financial ratios, ageing and expected dates of realization of financial assets and payment of fi -
nancial liabilities, other information accompanying the financial statements, the auditor’s knowledge of the Board of 
Directors and management plans, we are Opinion that no material uncertainty exists as on the date of the audit report 
that company is capable of meeting its liabilities existing at the date of balance sheet as and when they fall due within 
a period of one year from the balance sheet date;

--- page 91 ---
Annual Report -2026              
90
xx. In our opinion and according to the information and explanations given to us, there is no unspent amount under 
sub-section (5) of section 135 of the Act pursuant to any project. Accordingly, clauses 3(xx)(a) and 3(xx)(b) of the Order 
are not applicable.
For NSVR &ASSOCIATES LLP .,
Chartered Accountants
Firm Registration No: 008801S/S200060
Venkata Ratnam Pichikala
Partner
M.no:230675
UDIN: 26230675FBVFXN2782
Date: May 27,   2026
Place: Hyderabad 

--- page 92 ---
Annual Report -2026              
91
ANNEXURE “B” TO THE INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT
(Referred to in paragraph 2(f) under ‘Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements’ section of our report to the 
Members of KAPSTON SERVICES LIMITED.
Report on the Internal Financial Controls Over Financial Reporting under Clause(i) of Sub-section 3 of Section 143 
of the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”)
Opinion
We have audited the internal financial controls over financial reporting of KAPSTON SERVICES LIMITED (“the Company”) 
as of March 31, 2026, in conjunction with our audit of the financial statements of the Company for the year ended on that 
date.
In our opinion, to the best of our information and according to the explanations given to us, the Company has, in all material 
respects, an adequate internal financial controls system over financial reporting and such internal financial controls over 
financial reporting were operating effectively as at 31 March 2026, based on the internal control over financial reporting 
criteria established by the Company considering the essential components of internal control stated in the Guidance Note 
on Audit of Internal Financial Controls Over Financial Reporting issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India.
Management’s Responsibility for Internal Financial Controls
The Board of Directors of the Company are responsible for establishing and maintaining internal financial controls based 
on the internal control over financial reporting criteria established by the Company considering the essential components 
of internal control stated in the Guidance Note on Audit of Internal Financial Controls Over Financial Reporting issued by 
the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India. These responsibilities include the design, implementation and maintenance 
of adequate internal financial controls that were operating effectively for ensuring the orderly and efficient conduct of 
its business, including adherence to respective company’s policies, the safeguarding of its assets, the prevention and 
detection of frauds and errors, the accuracy and completeness of the accounting records, and the timely preparation of 
reliable financial information, as required under the Companies Act,2013.
Auditor’s Responsibility
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the internal financial controls over financial reporting of the Company based 
on our audit. We conducted our audit in accordance with the Guidance Note on Audit of Internal Financial Controls Over 
Financial Reporting (the “Guidance Note”) issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India and the Standards 
on Auditing prescribed underSection143(10) of the Companies Act,2013, to the extent applicable to an audit of internal 
financial controls. Those Standards and the Guidance Note require that we comply with ethical requirements and plan 
and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether adequate internal financial controls over financial 
reporting was established and maintained and if such controls operated effectively in all material respects.
Our audit involves performing procedures to obtain audit evidence about the adequacy of the internal financial controls 
system over financial reporting and their operating effectiveness. Our audit of internal financial controls over financial 
reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal financial controls over financial reporting, assessing the risk that 
a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based 
on the assessed risk. The procedures selected depend on the auditor’s judgment, including the assessment of the risks of 
material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to fraud or error.
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit opinion 
on the internal financial controls system over financial reporting of the Company.
Meaning of internal financial Controls over Financial reporting
A company’s internal financial control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance 
regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statement for external purpose in accordance 
with generally accepted accounting principles.  A company’s internal financial controls over financial reporting includes 
those policies and procedures that. 
1. Pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and 
dispositions of the assets of the company. 
2. Provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements 

--- page 93 ---
Annual Report -2026              
92
in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are 
being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and
3. Provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition 
of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.
Limitations of Internal Financial Controls Over Financial Reporting
Because of the inherent limitations of internal financial controls over financial reporting, including the possibility of 
collusion or improper management override of controls, material misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not 
be detected. Also, projections of any evaluation of the internal financial controls over financial reporting to future periods 
are subject to the risk that the internal financial control over financial reporting may become inadequate because of 
changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
For NSVR &ASSOCIATES LLP .,
Chartered Accountants
Firm Registration No: 008801S/S200060
Venkata Ratnam Pichikala
Partner
M.no:230675
UDIN: 26230675FBVFXN2782
Date: May 27, 2026
Place: Hyderabad. 

--- page 94 ---
Annual Report -2026              
93
Kapston Services Limited 
Plot No.287,MIG-2,IX Phase Kphb, Kukatpally, Hyderabad, Telangana, India-500072 
CIN:L15400TG2009PLC062658 
Standalone Statement of Assets and Liabilities as at 31.03.2026 
(All amount are in Indian Rupees in Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
S.No Particulars Note No "As at  
31.03.2026"
"As at  
31.03.2025"
I ASSETS
(1)  Non-current assets
(a) Property plant and Equipment 2    4,126.52  4,082.78 
(b) Capital work  in Progress  -   
(c) Right of Use Asset 3    820.81  748.78 
(d) Investment Property 4    1,138.29  1,138.29 
(e) Financial assets
  (i) Investments 5    3.00  2.00 
  (ii) Loans 6    159.05  27.98 
   (iii) Other Financial assets 7    254.25  242.19 
(f) other Non current asset  -    -   
(g) Deferred Tax Assets ( Net) 8    1,607.35  1,265.03 
Total Non current Assets 8,109.26 7,507.05
(2)  Current assets
(a) Inventories 9   482.09 468.02
(b) Financial assets
(i) Trade  receivables 10   20,466.60 16,383.42
(ii) Cash and cash equivalent 11   212.93 67.46
(iii) Bank Balance other than (ii) above 12   1,235.79 856.97
(iv)Other financial assets 13   1,593.26 1,542.26
(c) Other current assets 14   2,697.15 3,026.42
Total Current Assets 26,687.83 22,344.54
Total Assets 34,797.09 29,851.59
II EQUITY AND LIABILITIES
EQUITY
(a) Equity Share Capital 15   1,521.61 1,014.41
(b) Other Equity 16   10,102.19 7,873.14
Total Equity 11,623.80 8,887.55
LIABILITIES
(1)  Non-current liabilities
(a) Financial  Liabilities
(i)   Borrowings 17   3,114.06 3,410.53
(ii)  Lease Liabilities 18   658.83 635.72
(iii)  Other Financial Liabilities  -    -   
(b) Provisions 19   856.35 469.55
Total Non current Liabilities 4,629.23 4,515.80


--- page 95 ---
Annual Report -2026              
94
(2)  Current liabilities
(a) Financial  Liabilities
i)    Borrowings 20   14,310.31 12,688.65
ii)  Lease Liabilities 21    231.50  143.75 
iii)   Trade payables
 a) Total outstanding due of Micro enterprises 
and small enterprises
22    81.24  26.01 
 b) Total Outstanding dues of Creditors other 
than Micro enterprises and small enterprises
22    168.39  176.34 
iv)   Other financial liabilities 23    907.34  1,212.40 
(b) Other current liabilities 24    2,261.32  1,914.36 
(c) Provisions 25    583.96  286.72 
Total Current Liabilites 18,544.05 16,448.24
Total Equity and Liabilities 34,797.09 29,851.59
Summary of Material accounting Policy information in Note No. 1  
The accompanying notes form an integral part of the Standalone financial statements Note 1 to 48  
 
   
As per our report attached of even date   
   
For NSVR AND ASSOCIATES LLP                                                          For and on behalf of the Board of directors of   
Chartered Accountants                                                                                   KAPSTON SERVICES LIMITED 
Firm Registration No: 008801S/S200060   
   
   
   
Venkata Ratnam Pichikala Srikanth Kodali Kanti Kiran Doddapaneni  
Partner Managing  Director   Director  
M No:230675 DIN:02464623 DIN:07420023   
 
UDIN: 26230675FBVFXN2782 Kapil Sood K Ramesha  
 Chief Financial Officer  Company Secretary  
  M.No: A64963
                                                                                                                                              
Date: May 27, 2026   
Place: Hyderabad

--- page 96 ---
Annual Report -2026              
95
KAPSTON SERVICES LIMITED    
CIN:L15400TG2009PLC062658   
Plot No.287,MIG-2,IX Phase Kphb, Kukatpally, Hyderabad, Telangana, India-500072   
Statement of Standalone Profit and Loss account for the Year Ended 31 March 2026   
(All amount are in Indian Rupees in Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
 
Particulars Note No For the  Year Ended 
31.03.2026
For the  Year Ended 
31.03.2025
Income
Revenue from operations 26 83,032.35 68,870.17
Other income 27 174.38 81.46
Total Income  83,206.73  68,951.64 
Expenses
Cost of materials consumed 28 749.22 765.11
Employee benefits expense 29 76,555.42 63,885.50
Finance costs 30 1429.78 1221.55
Depreciation and amortization expense 31 402.52 449.47
Other expenses 32 1334.30 1125.99
Total Expenses  80,471.24  67,447.62 
Profit before tax and exceptional items 2735.49 1504.02
Exceptional items  -    -   
Profit before tax 2,735.49 1,504.02
Tax expense
(1) Current tax  253.16  -   
(2) Deferred tax  (320.07)  (279.36)
Net Profit for the Period 2802.40 1783.38
Other comprehensive income (OCI)
(a) (i) Items that will not be reclassified to  
    profit or loss
 (88.39)  (71.39)
      (ii) Tax on items that will not be  
     reclassified to profit or loss
 22.25  17.97 
 (b) (i) Items that will be reclassified to  
     profit or loss 
 -    -   
     (ii) Income tax relating to items that  
    will be reclassified to profit or loss 
 -    -   
Total Other Comprehensive income  (66.14)  (53.42)
Total Comprehensive income 2,736.26 1,729.95
Earnings per share
 Basic earnings per share of Rs.5/-each  9.21  5.86 
 Diluted earnings per share of Rs.5/- each  9.21  5.86 
Weighted average equity shares used in Com-
puting Earnings per Equity shares
Basic 3,04,32,183 3,04,32,183
Diluted 3,04,32,183 3,04,32,183

--- page 97 ---
Annual Report -2026              
96
Summary of Material accounting Policy information in Note No. 1  
The accompanying notes form an integral part of the Standalone financial statements Note 1 to 48  
As per our report attached of even date   
For NSVR AND ASSOCIATES LLP                                                          For and on behalf of the Board of directors of   
Chartered Accountants                                                                                   KAPSTON SERVICES LIMITED 
Firm Registration No: 008801S/S200060 
Venkata Ratnam Pichikala Srikanth Kodali Kanti Kiran Doddapaneni  
Partner Managing  Director   Director  
M No:230675 DIN:02464623 DIN:07420023 
UDIN: 26230675FBVFXN2782 Kapil Sood K Ramesha  
 Chief Financial Officer  Company Secretary
   M.No:A64963
Date: May 27, 2026   
Place:Hyderabad

--- page 98 ---
Annual Report -2026              
97
KAPSTON SERVICES LIMITED   
CIN:L15400TG2009PLC062658  
Plot No.287,MIG-2,IX Phase Kphb, Kukatpally, Hyderabad, Telangana, India-500072 
Standalone Statement of cash flow for the year Ended 31.03.2026  
(All amount are in Indian Rupees in Lakhs, unless otherwise stated) 
 Particulars For the Year Ended 
31.03.2026
For the Year  
Ended 31.03.2025
A. CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 
Net profit before tax  2,735.49  1,504.02 
Adjusted for : 
Interest Debited to P&L A/c  1,348.70  1,168.95 
Interest on Lease Liabilities  81.08  52.61 
Gain on termination of Lease  (5.85)  (4.30)
Gratuity expense  378.33  243.92 
Gratuity expense  (1.85)  (3.45)
Depreciation  402.52  449.47 
Expected credit loss  46.64  31.51 
Operating profits before working capital changes  4,985.07  3,442.72 
Changes in Working capital 
Increase/(Decrease) in Inventories  (14.07)  36.32 
Increase/(Decrease) in Trade Receivables  (4,129.82)  (3,737.57)
Increase/(Decrease) in Other current financial Assets  (51.00)  258.64 
Increase/(Decrease) in Other Non current financial Assets  (12.06)  (79.44)
Increase/(Decrease) in Other current Assets  935.08  (230.41)
Increase/(Decrease) in Trade Payables  47.27  (5.93)
Increase/(Decrease) in Other  Financial Liabilities  (339.26)  43.69 
Increase/(Decrease) in Other Current  Liabilities  346.95  470.60 
Increase/(Decrease) in Long term and short term provisions  (35.85)  (59.30)
Increase/(Decrease) in Other Bank Balances  (378.83)  (220.25)
Cash Utilised for  operations  1,353.49  (80.93)
Income tax paid  (605.81)  (716.87)
Net cash Utilised in operating activities  747.67  (797.80)
B. CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 
Purchase of Property,Plant and Equipment  (238.22)  (3,909.60)
Proceeds from Sale of Property, Plant and Equipment  2.50  10.00 
Investment in Subsidiaries  (1.00)  (2.00)
Loans given to subsidiaries  (131.07)  (27.98)
Net cash Utilised in investing activities  (367.79)  (3,929.58)
C. CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 
Proceeds/(Repayment) of Long Term Borrowings  (296.47)  3,050.06 
Proceeds/(Repayment) of short Term Borrowings  1,621.65  3,033.10 
Interest paid  (1,314.50)  (1,132.61)
Repayment of Lease Liabilities ( Including interest)  (245.09)  (211.15)
Net cash generated from financing activities  (234.41)  4,739.39 
D. Net increase / (decrease)  in cash and cash equivalents  145.47  12.01 
E.  Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year   67.46  55.45 
F.  Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year   212.93  67.46 

--- page 99 ---
Annual Report -2026              
98
Notes: 
1) Cash and Cash equivalents includes the following for cash flow statements:
 Particulars For the Year Ended 
31.03.2026
For the Year Ended 
31.03.2025
Cash on hand  16.36  27.52 
Current accounts  196.58  39.93 
 Total  212.93  67.46 
 
a. The above cash flow statements has been prepared under the “Indirect Method” as set out in the Indian Accounting 
Standard (IndAS-7) statement of cash flows.
For NSVR AND ASSOCIATES LLP                                                          For and on behalf of the Board of directors of   
Chartered Accountants                                                                                   KAPSTON SERVICES LIMITED 
Firm Registration No: 008801S/S200060 
Venkata Ratnam Pichikala Srikanth Kodali Kanti Kiran Doddapaneni  
Partner Managing  Director   Director  
M No:230675 DIN:02464623 DIN:07420023 
UDIN: 26230675FBVFXN2782
 Kapil Sood K Ramesha  
 Chief Financial Officer  Company Secretary
  M.No:A64963
Date: May 27, 2026   
Place:Hyderabad
   -      -   

--- page 100 ---
Annual Report -2026              
99
(Amount in Indian rupees lakh, except share data and where otherwise stated)
 
Statement of changes in Equity   
     
(A) Share capital  
Statement of changes in Equity for the year ended 31 March 2026:   
Equity share capital "Opening Balance 
as at  
01 April 2025"
Changes in Equity 
share capital 
during the year
Closing Balance as 
at 31 March 2026
3,04,32,183 Equity Shares of Rs.5 each, 
fully paid up*
1,014.41 507.20 1,521.61
 Total  1,014.41  507.20  1,521.61 
 
*Note:     
i. During the year on February 28, 2026, the shareholders of the company has approved for bonus issue of one equity 
share of the face value of Rs 5 for every two shares held of face value of Rs.5 Each    
 
ii. Consequently the total number of equity shares increased from 2,02,88,122 to 3,04,32,183. 
    
Statement of changes in Equity for the year ended 31 March 2025:
Equity share capital "Opening Balance 
as at  
01 April 2025"
Changes in Equity 
share capital 
during the year
Closing Balance as 
at 31 March 2026
2,02,88,122 Equity Shares of Rs.5 each, 
fully paid up**
1,014.41  -   1,014.41
 Total  1,014.41  -    1,014.41 
    
**            Note:      
i. During the year on July 03, 2024, the shareholders of the company has approved for subdivision of one equity share 
of the face value of Rs 10 in two equity shares of face value of Rs 5 each.     
 
ii. Consequently the total number of equity shares increased from 1,01,44,061 to 2,02,88,122 without change in the paid 
up share capital.     
    
Other equity 
Particulars
Securities 
Premium 
Reserve
Retained 
Earnings
Actuarial 
gain/Loss on 
account of 
Defined  
benefit plans
TOTAL
Balance as at 31 March 2025 755.81 7,055.63 61.70 7,873.13
Profit for the Period  -    2,802.40  -   2,802.40
Issue of Bonus Shares Against the  
Retained Earnings
 (507.20)    (507.20)  
Actuarial gain/(loss) on post-employment 
benefit obligations, net of tax benefit 
 -    -    (66.14)  (66.14)
Balance as at 31 March 2026 755.81 9,350.82  (4.44) 10,102.19
    

--- page 101 ---
Annual Report -2026              
100
1.  NOTES TO STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE FY 2025-26
 DESCRIPTION OF THE COMPANY AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES
1.1 Corporate information
 KAPSTON SERVICES LIMITED (“the Company”) (CIN: L15400TG2009PLC062658) is engaged in the business 
of rendering security and related services, training and facility management, Housekeeping and cleaning 
services and IT staffing services. The company has registered office at Hyderabad and provides services 
in major cities all over India. 
 These Standalone financial statements were authorized by the directors on 27 May, 2026.
 Material accounting policies
 This note provides a list of material accounting policies adopted in the preparation of these Standalone 
financial statements.
1.2  Basis of preparation and presentation of Financial Statements
 The Standalone financial statements of Kapston Services Limited have been prepared and presented in 
accordance with and in compliance in all material aspects, with the Indian Accounting Standards (“Ind 
AS”) notified under Section 133 of the Companies Act, 2013 (the “Act”) read along with the Companies 
(Indian Accounting Standards) Rules 2015, and presentation requirements of Division II of Schedule III to 
the Companies Act, 2013, and as amended from time to time together with the comparative period data 
as at and for the year ended 31 March 2025.
 These Standalone financial statements have been prepared by the Company as a going concern on 
the basis of relevant Ind AS that are effective at the Company’s annual reporting date, 31 March 2026. 
These financial statements for the year ended 31 March 2026 were approved by the Company’s Board of 
Directors on 27 May, 2026.
1.3  Basis of Measurement
 The financial statements have been prepared under the historical cost convention on an accrual and 
going concern basis, except for the items where the relevant Ind AS requires the financial instruments 
to be classified as fair value through profit or loss (‘FVTPL’) and are measured at fair value, including the 
following material items:
a. Certain financial assets are measured either at fair value or at amortized cost depending on the 
classification;
b. Employee defined benefit assets/(liability) are recognized as the net total of the fair value of plan assets, 
plus actuarial losses, less actuarial gains and the present value of the defined benefit obligation and 
c. Long-term borrowings are measured at amortized cost using the effective interest rate method.
d. Right of use assets are recognized at the present value of lease payments that are not paid at that 
date. This amount is adjusted for any lease payments made at or before the commencement date, lease 
incentives received and initial direct costs, incurred if any.
 Accounting policies have been applied consistently to all periods presented in these financial statements. 
 The financial statements are based on the classification provisions contained in Ind AS 1, ‘Presentation of 
Financial Statements’ and division II of schedule III of the Companies Act 2013. For the purpose of clarity, 
various items are aggregated in the statements of profit and loss and balance sheet. These items are 
disaggregated separately in the notes to the financial statements, where applicable or required.
1.4  Functional and presentation currency
 These Standalone financial statements are presented in Indian Rupees (INR), which is also the Company’s 
functional currency. All financial information presented in Indian rupees have been rounded-off to two 
decimal places to the nearest lakhs except share data or as otherwise stated.
1.5  Use of estimates and judgments.
 In preparing these Standalone financial statements, management has made judgements, estimates 
and assumptions that affect the application of accounting policies and the reported amounts of assets, 
liabilities, income and expenses. Actual results may differ from those estimates.

--- page 102 ---
Annual Report -2026              
101
 Estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting 
estimates are recognised prospectively.
Judgements
 Information about judgements made in applying accounting policies that have the most significant 
effects on the amounts recognised in the financial statements is included in the following notes:
 - Note 1.19- lease classification.
 - Note 1.19 - leases: whether an arrangement contains a lease and lease classification
 Assumptions and estimation uncertainties
 Information about assumptions and estimation uncertainties that have a significant risk of resulting in a 
material adjustment within the next financial year are included in the following notes:
 - Note 38 – measurement of defined benefit obligations: key actuarial assumptions;
 - Note 1.10 - determining an asset’s expected useful life and the expected residual value at the end of its 
life
1.6  Measurement of fair values
 Accounting polices and disclosures require measurement of fair value for both financial and non-financial 
assets.
 Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly 
transaction between market participants at the measurement date.  The fair value measurement is based 
on the presumption that the transaction to sell the asset or transfer the liability takes place either:
  - In the principal market for the asset or liability or 
  - In the absence of a principal market, in the most advantageous market for the asset or liability
 The principal or the most advantageous market must be accessible by the Company.  The fair value of an 
asset or a liability is measured using the assumptions that market participants would use when pricing 
the asset or liability, assuming that market participants act in their economic best interest.
 A fair value measurement of a non-financial asset takes into account a market participant’s ability to 
generate economic benefits by using the asset in its highest and best use or by selling it to another 
market participant that would use the asset in its highest and best use.
 The Company uses valuation techniques that are appropriate in the circumstances and for which sufficient 
data is available to measure fair value, maximising the use of relevant observable inputs and minimising 
the use of unobservable inputs
 Fair values are categorised into different levels in a fair value hierarchy based on the inputs used in the 
valuation techniques as follows.
 Level 1: quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.
 Level 2: inputs other than quoted prices included in Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, 
either directly (i.e. as prices) or indirectly (i.e. derived from prices).
 Level 3: inputs for the asset or liability that are not based on observable market data (unobservable 
inputs).
 When measuring the fair value of an asset or a liability, the Company uses observable market data as far 
as possible. If the inputs used to measure the fair value of an asset or a liability fall into different levels of 
the fair value hierarchy, then the fair value measurement is categorised in its entirety in the same level of 
the fair value hierarchy as the lowest level input that is significant to the entire measurement.
 The Company recognizes transfers between levels of the fair value hierarchy at the end of the reporting 
period during which the change has occurred.
 Further information about the assumptions made in the measuring fair values is included in the following 
notes:
 - Note 41 - Financial instruments

--- page 103 ---
Annual Report -2026              
102
1.7  Current and non-current classification
 ‘The Schedule III to the Act requires assets and liabilities to be classified as either current or non-
current. The Company presents assets and liabilities in the balance sheet based on current/ non-current 
classification.
 Assets: An asset is classified as current when it satisfies any of the following criteria:             
a. It is expected to be realized in, or is intended for sale or consumption in, the Company’s normal 
operating cycle;
b. It is held primarily for the purpose of being traded;
c. It is expected to be realized within twelve months after the reporting date; or
d. It is cash or cash equivalent unless it is restricted from being exchanged or used to settle a liability for 
at least twelve months after the reporting date.
Liabilities: A liability is classified as current when it satisfies any of the following criteria:
a. It is expected to be settled in the Company’s normal operating cycle;
b. It is held primarily for the purpose of being traded;
c. It is due to be settled within twelve months after the reporting date; or
d. the Company does not have an unconditional right to defer settlement of liability for atleast twelve 
months from the reporting date.
  All other liabilities are classified as non-current. ‘Deferred tax assets/liabilities are classified as non-current.
1.8  Operating Cycle
 Operating cycle is the time between the acquisition of assets for processing and realisation in cash or 
cash equivalents.  The Company has ascertained its operating cycle as 12 months for the purpose of 
current or non-current classification of assets and liabilities
1.9  Foreign Currency Transaction
 Transactions in foreign currencies are translated to the respective functional currencies of entities 
within the Company at exchange rates at the dates of the transactions. Monetary assets and liabilities 
denominated in foreign currencies at the reporting date are translated into the functional currency at 
the exchange rate at that date. Exchange differences arising on the settlement of monetary items or 
on translating monetary items at rates different from those at which they were translated on initial 
recognition during the period or in previous financial statements are recognized in the statement of 
profit and loss in the period in which they arise.
 Non-monetary assets and liabilities denominated in a foreign currency and measured at historical cost 
are translated at the exchange rate prevalent at the date of transaction, if any. 
1.10  Property Plant & Equipment
 Recognition and measurement
 Freehold land is carried at historical cost. All other items of property, plant and equipment are measured 
at cost less accumulated depreciation and impairment losses, if any. Cost comprises the purchase price, 
asset retirement obligation and costs directly attributable towards bringing the asset to its working 
condition for its intended use. Any trade discounts and rebates are deducted in arriving at the purchase 
price. General and specific borrowing costs directly attributable to the construction of a qualifying asset 
are capitalized as part of the cost. 
 Subsequent expenditure related to an item of property, plant and equipment is added to its carrying 
value only when it increases the future benefits from the existing asset beyond its previously assessed 
standard or period of performance. All other expenses on existing property, plant and equipment, 
including day-to-day repairs, maintenance expenditure and cost of replacing parts, are charged to the 
statement of profit and loss in the year during which such expenses are incurred.

--- page 104 ---
Annual Report -2026              
103
Depreciation:
The Company depreciates property, plant and equipment over the estimated useful lives using the written 
down value method from the date, the assets are available for use.
Category Useful Life
Mobiles 5 Years
Office Equipment 5 Years
Computers 3 Years
Furniture and Fixtures 10 Years
Vehicles 8 Years
Plant and Machinery 5 Years
Livestock 8 Years
Lease Hold Improvement 5 Years or useful life of asset 
whichever is lower
Based on technical assessment, the useful lives as given above best represent the period over which the 
management expects to use these assets. The estimated useful lives for these assets may therefore be different 
from the useful lives prescribed under Part C of Schedule II of the Companies Act 2013. 
The residual values are generally not more than 5% of the original cost of the asset. The asset’s residual values, 
useful lives and methods of depreciation of property, plant and equipment are reviewed at each financial year-
end and adjusted prospectively, if appropriate.
Where, during any financial year, any addition has been made to any asset, or where any asset has been 
sold, discarded, demolished or destroyed, or significant components replaced; depreciation on such assets is 
calculated on a pro rata basis as individual assets with specific useful life from the month of such addition or, 
as the case may be, up to the month on which such asset has been sold, discarded, demolished or destroyed 
or replaced.
Derecognition:
An item of property, plant and equipment and any significant part, initially recognised, is derecognised upon 
disposal or when no future economic benefits are expected from its use or disposal. Any gain or loss arising 
on derecognition of the asset (calculated as the difference between the net disposal proceeds and the carrying 
amount of the asset) is recognised in the standalone statement of profit and loss when the asset is derecognised.
1.11  Intangible assets
 Intangible assets that are acquired by the Company and that have finite useful lives are measured at cost 
less accumulated amortization and accumulated impairment losses.
 Amortization
 Amortization is recognized in the statement of profit and loss on a written down value basis over the 
estimated useful lives of intangible assets Intangible assets that are not available for use are amortized 
from the date they are available for use. 
1.12  Financial Instruments
 A financial instrument is any contract that gives rise to a financial asset of one entity and a financial 
liability or equity instrument of another entity.
a. Financial assets 
 Initial recognition and measurement
 All financial assets are recognised initially at fair value plus, in the case of financial assets not recorded 
 
 at fair value through profit or loss, transaction costs that are attributable to the acquisition of the financial 
asset. Purchases or sales of financial assets that require delivery of assets within a time frame established 
by regulation or convention in the market place (regular way trades) are recognised on the trade date, 
i.e., the date that the Company commits to purchase or sell the asset.

--- page 105 ---
Annual Report -2026              
104
Subsequent measurement
For the Purpose of Subsequent measurement, financial assets are classified in four categories.
• Debt Instrument at amortized cost
• Debt Instrument at FVTOCI
• Debt instruments, Derivatives and Equity instruments at FVTPL and
• Equity Instruments measured at FVTOCI.
Debt instruments at amortised cost
A “debt instrument” is measured at the amortised cost if both the following conditions are met: 
a. the asset is held within a business model whose objective is to hold assets for collecting contractual 
cash flows; and
b. contractual terms of the asset give rise on specifi ed dates to cash flows that are solely payments of 
principal and interest (“SPPI”) on the principal amount outstanding.
 
After initial measurement, such financial assets are subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective 
interest rate method and are subject to impairment. Amortised cost is calculated by taking into account any 
discount or premium on acquisition and fees or costs that are an integral part of the eff ective interest rate. 
Interest income from these financial assets is included in finance income using the effective interest rate 
method. Any gain or loss arising on derecognition is recognised directly in statement of profit and loss and 
presented in other income. The losses arising from impairment are recognised in the statement of profit and 
loss. This category generally applies to trade and other receivables
Debt instrument at FVTOCI 
A “debt instrument” is classified as at the FVTOCI if both of the following criteria are met: 
a. the objective of the business model is achieved both by collecting contractual cash flows and selling 
the financial assets; and 
b. the asset’s contractual cash flows represent SPPI.
Debt instruments included within the FVTOCI category are measured initially as well as at each reporting 
date at fair value. Fair value movements are recognised in the OCI. However, the Company recognises interest 
income, impairment losses and reversals and foreign exchange gain or loss in the statement of profit and 
loss. On derecognition of the asset, cumulative gain or loss previously recognised in OCI is reclassified to the 
statement of profit and loss. Interest earned while holding a FVTOCI debt instrument is reported as interest 
income using the effective interest rate method.
Debt instrument at FVTPL 
FVTPL is a residual category for debt instruments. Any debt instrument, which does not meet the criteria for 
categorisation as at amortised cost or as FVTOCI, is classified as at FVTPL. In addition, the Company may elect 
to designate a debt instrument, which otherwise meets amortised cost or FVTOCI criteria, as at FVTPL. However, 
such election is allowed only if doing so reduces or eliminates a measurement or recognition inconsistency 
(referred to as an “accounting mismatch”).
Debt instruments included within the FVTPL category are measured at fair value with all changes recognised 
in the statement of profit and loss.
Equity investments
All equity investments within the scope of Ind AS 109 are measured at fair value. Equity instruments which are 
held for trading and contingent consideration recognised by an acquirer in a business combination to which 
Ind AS 103 applies are classified as at FVTPL. For all other equity instruments, the Company may make an 
irrevocable election to present in OCI subsequent changes in the fair value. The Company makes such election 
on an instrument-by-instrument basis. The classification is made upon initial recognition and is irrevocable. 
If the Company decides to classify an equity instrument as at FVTOCI, then all fair value changes on the 
instrument, excluding dividends, are recognised in the OCI. There is no recycling of the amounts from OCI to 
the statement of profi t and loss, even on sale of investment. However, on sale the Company may transfer the 
cumulative gain or loss within equity. Equity investments designated as FVTOCI are not subject to impairment 
assessment. Equity instruments included within the FVTPL category are measured at fair value with all changes 
recognised in the statement of profit and loss.

--- page 106 ---
Annual Report -2026              
105
Investment in subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures
A subsidiary is an entity over which the Company has control. The Company controls an investee entity when it 
is exposed to or has rights to variable returns from its involvement with the entity and has the ability to affect 
those returns through its power over the entity. 
An associate is an entity over which the Company has significant influence. Significant influence is the power to 
participate in the financial and operating policy decisions of the investee but is not control or joint control of 
those policies. This is generally the case where the Company holds between 20% to 50% of the voting rights. 
A joint venture is a type of joint arrangement whereby the parties that have joint control of the arrangement 
have rights to the net assets of the joint venture. Joint control is the contractually agreed sharing of control of 
an arrangement, which exists only when decisions about the relevant activities require the unanimous consent 
of the parties sharing control. 
The considerations made in determining whether significant influence or joint control exist are similar to those 
necessary to determine control over the subsidiaries. 
Investments in subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures are accounted for at cost less impairment loss, if any. 
The said investments are tested for impairment whenever circumstances indicate that their carrying value may 
exceed the recoverable amount.
Derecognition
A financial asset (or, where applicable, a part of a financial asset or part of a group of similar financial assets) is 
primarily derecognised (i.e., removed from the Company’s balance sheet) when:
(i)  The rights to receive cash flows from the asset have expired, or
(ii)  The Company has transferred its rights to receive cash flows from the asset or has assumed an obligation to 
pay the received cash flows in full without material delay to a third party under a ‘pass-through’ arrangement; 
and either (a) the Company has transferred substantially all the risks and rewards of the asset, or (b) the 
Company has neither transferred nor retained substantially all the risks and rewards of the asset, but has 
transferred control of the asset.
When the Company has transferred its rights to receive cash flows from an asset or has entered into a pass-
through arrangement, it evaluates if and to what extent it has retained the risks and rewards of ownership. When 
it has neither transferred nor retained substantially all of the risks and rewards of the asset, nor transferred 
control of the asset, the Company continues to recognise the transferred asset to the extent of the Company’s 
continuing involvement. In that case, the Company also recognises an associated liability. The transferred asset 
and the associated liability are measured on a basis that reflects the rights and obligations that the Company 
has retained.
b.   Financial liabilities
 Initial recognition and measurement
 Financial liabilities are classified, at initial recognition, as financial liabilities at fair value through profit or 
loss, loans and borrowings, payables, or as derivatives designated as hedging instruments in an effective 
hedge, as appropriate. 
 All financial liabilities are recognised initially at fair value and, in the case of loans and borrowings and 
payables, net of directly attributable transaction costs.
 The Company’s financial liabilities include trade and other payables, loans and borrowings including bank 
overdrafts, financial guarantee contracts.
 Subsequent measurement
 The measurement of financial liabilities depends on their classification, as described below
 Financial Liabilities at Fair value through Profit and Loss
 Financial liabilities at FVTPL include financial liabilities held for trading and financial liabilities designated 
upon initial recognition as at FVTPL. Financial liabilities are classified as held for trading if they are incurred 
for the purpose of repurchasing in the near term. This category also includes derivative financial instruments 
entered into by the Company that are not designated as hedging instruments in hedge relationships as 
defined by Ind AS 109. Separated embedded derivatives are also classified as held for trading unless they 
are designated as effective hedging instruments. 

--- page 107 ---
Annual Report -2026              
106
Gains or losses on liabilities held for trading are recognised in the statement of profit and loss.
Financial liabilities designated upon initial recognition at FVTPL are designated as such at the initial date of 
recognition, and only if the criteria in Ind AS 109 are satisfied. For liabilities designated as FVTPL, fair value 
gains or losses attributable to changes in own credit risk are recognised in OCI. These gains or losses are 
not subsequently transferred to the statement of profit and loss. However, the Company may transfer the 
cumulative gain or loss within equity. All other changes in fair value of such liability are recognised in the 
statement of profit and loss. The Company has not designated any financial liability as FVTPL.
Loans and borrowings
Borrowings are initially recognised at fair value, net of transaction costs incurred. Borrowings are subsequently 
measured at amortised cost. Any difference between the proceeds (net of transaction costs) and the redemption 
amount is recognised in the statement of profit and loss over the period of the borrowings using the effective 
interest method.
Subsequent measurement
After initial recognition, interest-bearing loans and borrowings are subsequently measured at amortised cost 
using the EIR method. Gains and losses are recognised in profit or loss when the liabilities are derecognised as 
well as through the EIR amortisation process.
Amortised cost is calculated by taking into account any discount or premium on acquisition and fees or costs 
that are an integral part of the EIR. The EIR amortisation is included as finance costs in the statement of profit 
and loss. 
Derecognition
Financial liability is derecognised when the obligation under the liability is discharged or cancelled or expires. 
When an existing financial liability is replaced by another from the same lender on substantially different terms, 
or the terms of an existing liability are substantially modified, such an exchange or modification is treated as 
the derecognition of the original liability and the recognition of a new liability. The difference in the respective 
carrying amounts is recognised in the statement of profit and loss.
Offsetting:
Financial assets and financial liabilities are offset, and the net amount is reported in the standalone balance 
sheet if there is a currently enforceable legal right to offset the recognised amounts and there is an intention to 
settle on a net basis, to realise the assets and settle the liabilities simultaneously. The legally enforceable right 
must not be contingent on future events and must be enforceable in the normal course of business and in the 
event of default, insolvency or bankruptcy of the Company of the counterparty.
      
1.13  Inventories
 Inventories (raw materials, consumables and stores and spares) are valued at lower of cost and net 
realisable value. Cost of inventories comprises purchase price and other costs incurred in bringing the 
inventories to their present location and condition. Cost is determined using the weighted average 
method. 
 Net realisable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business, less the estimated 
costs to sell
1.14  Impairment of non-financial assets
‘ The Company’s non-financial assets, other than inventories and deferred tax assets, are reviewed at each 
reporting date to determine whether there is any indication of impairment. If any such indication exists, 
then the asset’s recoverable amount is estimated.
 ‘For impairment testing, assets that do not generate independent cash inflows are grouped together 
into cash-generating units (CGUs). Each CGU represents the smallest group of assets that generates cash 
inflows that are largely independent of the cash inflows of other assets or CGUs.
 The Company bases its impairment calculation on detailed budgets and forecast calculations, which are 
prepared separately for each of the Company’s CGUs to which the individual assets are allocated. These 
budgets and forecast calculations generally cover a period of five years. For longer periods, a long-
term growth rate is calculated and applied to project future cash flows after the fifth year. To estimate 

--- page 108 ---
Annual Report -2026              
107
cash flow projections beyond periods covered by the most recent budgets/forecasts, the Company 
extrapolates cash flow projections in the budget using a steady or declining growth rate for subsequent 
years, unless an increasing rate can be justified. In any case, this growth rate does not exceed the long-
term average growth rate for the products, industries, or country or countries in which the Company 
operates, or for the market in which the asset is used.
 The recoverable amount of a CGU (or an individual asset) is the higher of its value in use and its fair value 
less costs to sell. Value in use is based on the estimated future cash flows, discounted to their present 
value using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money 
and the risks specific to the CGU (or the asset).
 An impairment loss is recognized in the statement of profit and loss if the estimated recoverable amount 
of an asset or its cash-generating unit is lower than its carrying amount. Impairment losses recognized 
in respect of cash-generating units are allocated first to reduce the carrying amount of any goodwill 
allocated to the units and then to reduce the carrying amount of the other assets in the unit on a pro-
rata basis.
 An impairment loss in respect of goodwill is not reversed. In respect of other assets, impairment losses 
recognized in prior periods are assessed at each reporting date for any indications that the loss has 
decreased or no longer exists. An impairment loss is reversed if there has been a change in the estimates 
used to determine the recoverable amount. An impairment loss is reversed only to the extent that the 
asset’s carrying amount does not exceed the carrying amount that would have been determined, net of 
depreciation or amortization, if no impairment loss has been recognized.
1.15 Cash & Cash Equivalents
 Cash and bank balances comprise of cash balance in hand, in current accounts with banks, demand 
deposit, short-term deposits, Margin Money deposits and unclaimed dividend accounts. For this purpose, 
“short-term” means investments having maturity of three months or less from the date of investment. 
Bank overdrafts that are repayable on demand and form an integral part of our cash management are 
included as a component of cash and cash equivalents for the purpose of the statement of cash flows.
The Margin money deposits and unclaimed dividend balances shall be disclosed as restricted cash 
balances.  
1.16  Employee Benefits
a. Short term employee benefits
 Short-term employee benefits are expensed as the related service is provided. A liability is recognised 
for the amount expected to be paid if the Company has a present legal or constructive obligation 
to pay this amount as a result of past service provided by the employee and the obligation can be 
estimated reliably.
b.  Defined Contribution Plan 
 The Company’s contributions to defined contribution plans are charged to the statement of profit and 
loss as and when the services are received from the employees.
c.  Defined Benefit Plans
 The liability in respect of defined benefit plans and other post-employment benefits is calculated using 
the projected unit credit method consistent with the advice of qualified actuaries. The present value of 
the defined benefit obligation is determined by discounting the estimated future cash outflows using 
interest rates based on prevailing market yields of Indian Government Bonds and that have terms to 
maturity approximating to the terms of the related defined benefit obligation. The current service cost 
of the defined benefit plan, recognised in the statement of profit and loss in employee benefit expense, 
reflects the increase in the defined benefit obligation resulting from employee service in the current 
year, benefit changes, curtailments and settlements. Past service costs are recognised immediately in 
income. The net interest cost is calculated by applying the discount rate to the net balance of the defined 
benefit obligation and the fair value of plan assets. This cost is included in employee benefit expense 
in the statement of profit and loss. Actuarial gains and losses arising from experience adjustments and 
changes in actuarial assumptions are charged or credited to equity in other comprehensive income in 
the period in which they arise.

--- page 109 ---
Annual Report -2026              
108
d.  Termination benefits
 Termination benefits are recognized as an expense when the Company is demonstrably committed, 
without realistic possibility of withdrawal, to a formal detailed plan to either terminate employment 
before the normal retirement date, or to provide termination benefits as a result of an offer made to 
encourage voluntary redundancy. Termination benefits for voluntary redundancies are recognized as 
an expense if the Company has made an offer encouraging voluntary redundancy, it is probable that 
the offer will be accepted, and the number of acceptances can be estimated reliably.
e.  Other long-term employee benefits  
 The Company’s net obligation in respect of other long term employee benefits is the amount of future 
benefit that employees have earned in return for their service in the curr ent and previous periods. That 
benefit is discounted to determine its present value. Re-measurements are recognized in the statement 
of profit and loss in the period in which they arise.
1.17   Provisions, contingent liabilities and contingent assets
a.   Provisions
 A provision is recognised if, as a result of a past event, the Company has a present legal or constructive 
obligation that can be estimated reliably, and it is probable that an outflow of economic benefits will 
be required to settle the obligation. If the effect of the time value of money is material, provisions are 
determined by discounting the expected future cash flows at a pre-tax rate that reflects current market 
assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the liability. Where discounting is used, 
the increase in the provision due to the passage of time is recognized as a finance cost.
b.  Contingent liabilities
 A disclosure for a contingent liability is made when there is a possible obligation or a present obligation 
that may, but probably will not, require an outflow of resources. Where there is a possible obligation or 
a present obligation in respect of which the likelihood of outflow of resources is remote, no provision 
or disclosure is made.
c.  Contingent assets
 Contingent assets are not recognised in the financial statements. However, contingent assets are 
assessed continually and if it is virtually certain that an inflow of economic benefits will arise, the asset 
and related income are recognised in the period in which the change occurs.
1.18 Revenue Recognition
 Revenue is measured at the fair value of consideration received or receivable. Amounts recognised as 
revenue are net of returns, trade allowances, discounts, rebates, deductions by customers, service tax, 
value added tax, goods and services tax and amounts collected on behalf of third parties.
 At the inception of the new contractual arrangement with the customer, the Company identifies the 
performance obligations inherent in the agreement. The terms of the contracts are such that the services 
to be rendered represent a series of services that are substantially the same with the same pattern of the 
transfer to the customer.
 Revenue is recognized when the control is transferred to the customer and when the Company has 
completed its performance obligations under the contracts. Revenue is recognized in a manner that 
depicts the transfer of goods and services to customers at an amount that reflects the consideration the 
Company expects to be entitled to in exchange for those goods or services.
Revenue is recognized as follows: 
(i) Revenue from services represents the amounts receivable for services rendered.
(ii)  For non-contract-based business, revenue represents the value of goods delivered or services 
performed.
(iii)  For contract-based business, revenue represents the sales value of work carried out for customers 
during the period. Such revenues are recognized in the period in which the service is rendered. 
(iv)  Unbilled revenue (contract assets) net of expected deductions is recognised at the end of each period. 
Such unbilled revenue is reversed in the subsequent period when actual invoice is raised. 

--- page 110 ---
Annual Report -2026              
109
(v)  Unearned revenue (contract liabilities) represents revenue billed but for which services have not yet 
been performed and is included under Advances from customers. The same is released to the statement 
of profit and loss as and when the services are rendered.
a. Rendering of Services
In contracts involving the rendering of services, revenue is measured using the proportionate completion 
method when no significant uncertainty exists regarding the amount of the consideration that will be derived 
from rendering the service. When the contract outcome cannot be measured reliably, revenue is recognised 
only to the extent that the expenses incurred are eligible to be recovered.
Estimates of revenue, costs or extent of progress towards completion are revised if circumstances change. Any 
resulting increases or decreases in estimated revenue or costs are reflected in profit or loss in the period in 
which the circumstances that give rise to the revision become known to the management.
Multiple-element arrangements
When a sales arrangement contains multiple elements, such as services, material and maintenance, revenue for 
each element is determined based on each element’s fair value.
Revenue recognition for delivered elements is limited to the amount that is not contingent on the future 
delivery of products or services, future performance obligations or subject to customer-specified return or 
refund privileges.
The undiscounted cash flows from the arrangement are periodically estimated and compared with the 
unamortized costs. If the unamortized costs exceed the undiscounted cash flow, a loss is recognized.
Interest income
For all debt instruments measured either at amortised cost or at fair value through other comprehensive 
income, interest income is recorded using the effective interest rate (EIR). EIR is the rate that exactly discounts 
the estimated future cash payments or receipts over the expected life of the financial instrument or a shorter 
period, where appropriate, to the gross carrying amount of the financial asset or to the amortised cost of a 
financial liability. When calculating the effective interest rate, the Company estimates the expected cash flows 
by considering all the contractual terms of the financial instrument (for example, prepayment, extension, call 
and similar options) but does not consider the expected credit losses. Interest income is included in other 
income in the statement of profit and loss.
b.  Other Income
(i)  Miscellaneous  Income
Miscellaneous Income includes Rounding off and other non operating income these are recognized as and 
when accrued.
1.19   Borrowing Costs
 General and specific borrowing costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or 
production of a qualifying asset are capitalised during the period of time that is required to complete 
and prepare the asset for its intended use or sale. Qualifying assets are assets that necessarily take a 
substantial period of time to get ready for their intended use or sale. 
 Investment income earned on the temporary investment of specific borrowings pending their 
expenditure on qualifying assets is deducted from the borrowing costs eligible for capitalisation.
 Other borrowing costs are expensed in the period in which they are incurred.
1.20  Leases
 Company as a lessee
 The Company’s lease asset classes primarily consist of leases for buildings. For any new contracts 
entered into or changed on or after April 1, 2019, the Company assesses whether a contract is, or 
contains a lease. A lease is defined as ‘a contract, or part of a contract, that conveys the right to use 
an asset (the underlying asset) for a period in exchange for consideration’. To apply this definition the 
Company assesses whether the contract meets three key evaluations which are whether: 

--- page 111 ---
Annual Report -2026              
110
(i)  the contract contains an identified asset, which is either explicitly identified in the contract or implicitly 
specified by being identified at the time the asset is made available to the Company 
(ii)  the Company has the right to obtain substantially all of the economic benefits from use of the identified 
asset throughout the period of use, considering its rights within the defined scope of the contract 
(iii)  The Company has the right to direct the use of the identified asset throughout the period of use. 
the Company assesses whether it has the right to direct ‘how and for what purpose’ the asset is used 
throughout the period of use.
Measurement and recognition of leases as a lessee
At lease commencement date, the Company recognises a right-of-use asset (‘ROU’) and a corresponding 
lease liability on the balance sheet. The right-of-use asset is measured at cost, which comprises of the initial 
measurement of the lease liability, any initial direct costs incurred by the Company, an estimate of any costs to 
dismantle and remove the asset at the end of the lease, and any lease payments made in advance of the lease 
commencement date (net of any incentives received).
The Company depreciates the right-of-use assets using the written down value method from the lease 
commencement date to the earlier of the end of theuseful life of the right-of-use asset or the end of the lease 
term. The Company also assesses the right-of-use asset for impairment when such indicators exist
Ind AS116 requires lessees to determine the lease term as the non-cancellable period of a lease adjusted with 
an option to extend or terminate the lease, if the use of such option is reasonably certain. The lease term in 
future periods is reassessed to ensure that the lease term reflects the current economic circumstances
Extension and termination options are included in a number of leases of the Company. These are used to 
maximise operational flexibility in terms of managing the assets used in the Company’s operations. The majority 
of extension and termination options held are exercisable only by the Company and not by the respective lessor.
At the commencement date, the Company measures the lease liability at the present value of the lease 
payments unpaid at that date, discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease if that rate is readily 
available or the Company’s incremental borrowing rate. Lease payments included in the measurement of the 
lease liability are comprises of fixed payments (including in substance fixed), variable payments based on an 
index or rate, amounts expected to be payable under a residual value guarantee and payments arising from 
options reasonably certain to be exercised.
Subsequent to initial measurement, the liability will be reduced for payments made and increased for interest. 
It is remeasured to reflect any reassessment or modification, or if there are changes in in-substance fixed 
payments. When the lease liability is remeasured, the corresponding adjustment is reflected in the rightof-use 
asset, or profit and loss if the right-of-use asset is already reduced to zero.
The Company has elected to account for short-term leases and leases of low-value assets using the practical 
expedients. Instead of recognising a right-of-use asset and lease liability, the payments in relation to these are 
recognised as an expense in profit or loss on a straightline basis over the lease term.
1.21 Tax Expenses
 Tax expense consists of current and deferred tax.
a.  Income Tax
 Current tax comprises the expected tax payable or receivable on the taxable income or loss for the 
year and any adjustment to the tax payable or receivable in respect of previous years. The amount 
of current tax reflects the best estimate of the tax amount expected to be paid or received after 
considering the uncertainty, if any, related to income taxes. It is measured using tax rates (and tax 
laws) enacted or substantively enacted by the reporting date.
 Management periodically evaluates positions taken in the tax returns with respect to situations in 
which applicable tax regulations are subject to interpretations and considers whether it is probable 
that a taxation authority will accept an uncertain tax treatment.
b.  Deferred Tax
 Deferred tax is recognised in respect of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of 
assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the corresponding amounts used for taxation 
purposes. Deferred tax is not recognised for:

--- page 112 ---
Annual Report -2026              
111
 Temporary differences arising on the initial recognition of assets or liabilities in a transaction that is 
not a business combination and that affects neither accounting nor taxable profit or loss at the time 
of the transaction; and 
 Deferred tax assets are recognised for deductible temporary differences, the carry forwards of unused 
tax credits and unused tax losses. Deferred tax assets are recognised to the extent that it is probable 
that future taxable profits will be available against which they can be used. The existence of unused tax 
losses is strong evidence that future taxable profit may not be available. Therefore, in case of a history 
of recent losses, the Company recognises a deferred tax asset only to the extent that it has sufficient 
taxable temporary differences or there is convincing other evidence that sufficient taxable profit will 
be available against which such deferred tax asset can be realised. Deferred tax assets – unrecognised 
or recognised, are reviewed at each reporting date and are recognised/ reduced to the extent that it 
is probable/ no longer probable respectively that the related tax benefit will be realised.
 Deferred tax is measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply to the period when the asset is 
realised or the liability is settled, based on the laws that have been enacted or substantively enacted 
by the reporting date.
 The measurement of deferred tax reflects the tax consequences that would follow from the manner 
in which the Company expects, at the reporting date, to recover or settle the carrying amount of its 
assets and liabilities.
1.22 Earnings Per Share
 Basic earnings per share are calculated by dividing the net profit for the period attributable to equity 
shareholders of the Company (after deducting preference dividends and attributable taxes) by the 
weighted average number of equity shares outstanding during the period. 
 Partly paid equity shares are treated as a fraction of an equity share to the extent that they were entitled 
to participate in dividends relative to a fully paid equity share during the reporting period. The weighted 
average number of equity shares outstanding during the period is adjusted for events of bonus issue; 
bonus element in a rights issue to existing shareholders; share split; and reverse share split (consolidation 
of shares). 
 Diluted Earnings per share amounts are computed by dividing the net profit attributable to the equity 
holders of the Company (after deducting preference dividends and attributable taxes but after adjusting 
the after income tax effect of interest and other financing cost associated with dilutive potential equity 
shares) by the weighted average number of equity shares considered for deriving basic earnings per 
share and also the weighted average number of equity shares that could have been issued upon 
conversion of all dilutive potential equity shares. The diluted potential equity shares are adjusted for the 
proceeds receivable had the shares been actually issued at fair value (i.e. the average market value of 
the outstanding shares). Dilutive potential equity shares are deemed converted as at the beginning of 
the year, unless issued at a later date. Dilutive potential equity shares are determined independently for 
each year presented.
1.23 Investment properties 
 Property that is held for long-term rental yields or for capital appreciation or both, and that is not 
occupied by the Company, is classified as investment property. Investment properties are measured 
initially at cost, including transaction costs. Subsequent to initial recognition, investment properties are 
stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and accumulated impairment loss, if any. The cost includes 
borrowing costs for long-term construction projects if the recognition criteria are met. Subsequent 
expenditure is capitalised to the asset’s carrying amount only when it is probable that future economic 
benefits associated with the expenditure will flow to the Company and the cost of such expenditure can 
be measured reliably.
 All other repair and maintenance costs are recognised in profit or loss as incurred. When part of an 
investment property is replaced, the carrying amount of the replaced part is derecognised. Investment 
properties are derecognised either when they have been disposed of or when they are permanently 
withdrawn from use and no future economic benefit is expected from their disposal. The difference 
between the net disposal proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset is recognised in profit or loss 
in the period of derecognition.

--- page 113 ---
Annual Report -2026              
112
1.24   Cash flow Statements
 Cash flows are reported using the indirect method, whereby net profit/ (loss) before tax is adjusted 
for the effects of transactions of a non-cash nature and any deferrals or accruals of past or future cash 
receipts or payments and item of income or expenses associated with investing or financing cash flows. 
The cash flows from regular revenue generating (operating activities), investing and financing activities 
of the Company are segregated.
1.25  Trade receivables
 Trade receivables are recognised initially at the amount of consideration that is unconditional unless they 
contain significant financing components, in which case they are recognised at fair value. The Company’s 
trade receivables do not contain any significant financing component and hence are measured at the 
transaction price measured under Ind AS 115 “Revenue from Contracts with Customers”.
1.26 Determination of fair values 
 The Company’s accounting policies and disclosures require the determination of fair value, for certain 
financial and non-financial assets and liabilities. Fair values have been determined for measurement 
and/or disclosure purposes based on the following methods. When applicable, further information 
about the assumptions made in determining fair values is disclosed in the notes specific to that asset 
or liability.  A fair value measurement of a non-financial a sset takes into account a market participant’s 
ability to generate economic benefits by using the asset in its highest and best use or by selling it to 
another market participant that would use the asset in its highest and best use.  
                            
a.   Property, plant and equipment 
 Property, plant and equipment, if acquired in a business combination or through an exchange of non-
monetary assets, is measured at fair value on the acquisition date.  For this purpose, fair value is based 
on appraised market values and replacement cost.
b.   Intangible assets 
 The fair value of brands, technology related intangibles, and patents and trademarks acquired in a 
business combination is based on the discounted estimated royalty payments that have been avoided 
as a result of these brands, technology related intangibles, patents or trademarks being owned (the 
“relief of royalty method”). The fair value of customer related, product related and other intangibles 
acquired in a business combination has been determined using the multi-period excess earnings 
method after deduction of a fair return on  other assets that are part of creating the related cash flows.
c.   Inventories 
 The fair value of inventories acquired in a business combination is determined based on its estimated 
selling price in the ordinary course of business less the estimated costs of completion and sale, and a 
reasonable profit margin based on the effort required to complete and sell the inventories.
d.  Derivatives 
 The fair value of foreign exchange forward contracts is estimated by discounting the difference between 
the contractual forward price and the current forward price for the residual maturity of the contract 
using a risk-free interest rate (based on government bonds). The fair value of foreign currency option 
and swap contracts and interest rate swap contracts is determined based on the appropriate valuation 
techniques, considering the terms of the contract. 
e.   Non-derivative financial liabilities 
 Fair value, which is determined for disclosure purposes, is calculated based on the present value of 
future principal and interest cash flows, discounted at the market rate of interest at the reporting date. 
For finance leases the market rate of interest is determined by reference to similar lease agreements. In 
respect of the Company’s borrowings that have floating rates of interest, their fair value approximates 
carrying value.
1.27  Recent Indian Accounting Standards (Ind AS)
 Ministry of Corporate Affairs (“MCA”) notifies new standards or amendments to the existing standards 
under Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules as issued from time to time. For the year ended 
March 31,2026 , MCA has notified and company has adopted the following new amendments to the 
existing standards, non of which had a significant impact on the financial statement.
a)  Ind AS 1 – Presentation of Financial Statements (effective April 1, 2025): 
 The amendment clarifies the classification of liabilities as current or non-current and specifically 
addresses non-current liabilities with covenants. For determining whether a liability is current, the 

--- page 114 ---
Annual Report -2026              
113
amendment removes the requirement for an unconditional right to defer settlement for at least twelve 
months after the reporting date. Instead, it requires that the right to defer settlement must exist as 
of the reporting date and must have substance. It also provides additional guidance on classifying 
liabilities subject to covenants.
b) Ind AS 7 – Statement of Cash Flows and Ind AS 107 – Financial Instruments: Disclosures (effective 
April 1, 2025): 
 The amendment to Ind AS 7 requires companies to disclose the existence of supplier finance 
arrangements, including the nature of such arrangements, the carrying amount of related liabilities, and 
the range of payment due dates. Ind AS 107 has been correspondingly amended to include supplier 
finance arrangements as a factor that may contribute to concentration of liquidity risk. 
c) Ind AS 12 – Income Taxes: International Tax Reform – Pillar Two Model Rules (effective April 1, 
2025): 
 The amendments provide a temporary mandatory relief from recognising deferred tax arising from 
top-up tax, and require entities to disclose whether this relief has been applied. The relief is effective 
immediately and applies retrospectively. The amendments also require companies to provide new 
disclosures regarding potential top-up tax exposures in future periods. d) Ind AS 21 – The Effects of 
Changes in Foreign Exchange Rates (effective April 1, 2025): The amendments address the ‘Lack of 
Exchangeability’ guidance under Ind AS 21. These amendments clarify the assessment of exchangeability 
of a currency and the determination of an appropriate spot exchange rate when exchangeability is 
lacking, and require disclosures enabling users to understand the resulting financial impact.

--- page 115 ---
Annual Report -2026              
114
 Description  Office  
Equipments 
 Computers  Mobiles  Furniture 
and  
Fixtures 
 Printers  Inverters  Plant and 
Machinery 
 Vehicles  Live 
stock 
 Lease Hold 
Improvements 
 Land  Total 
Gross carrying amount  
Cost as at 01.04.2025  341.82  206.13  119.13  318.45  9.69  12.88  68.26  936.38  1.43  533.06  3,527.98  6,075.22 
Additions  18.65  27.93  23.31  1.15  -    -    -    35.75  -    -    131.44  238.22 
Disposals  -    -    -    -    -    -    -    9.80  -    -    9.80 
Cost as at 31.03.2026  360.47  234.06  142.43  319.60  9.69  12.88  68.26  962.33  1.43  533.06  3,659.41  6,303.65 
Accumulated Depreciation  306.34  175.78  87.74  239.18  7.78  10.92  42.40  623.04  1.31  497.95  -    1,992.44 
Charge for the year  11.98  22.56  19.73  20.44  0.23  0.70  11.62  98.58  0.03  7.97  -    193.83 
Disposals  -    -    -    -    -    -    -    9.15  -    -    -    9.15 
As at 31.03.2026  318.32  198.34  107.47  259.62  8.02  11.62  54.01  712.47  1.34  505.92  -    2,177.12 
Net Carrying Value
As at 31.03.2025  35.48  30.35  31.39  79.27  1.91  1.96  25.87  313.34  0.12  35.11  3,527.98  4,082.78 
As at 31.03.2026  42.15  35.73  34.96  59.98  1.67  1.26  14.25  249.86  0.09  27.14  3,659.41  4,126.52 
Note - 2
Property,Plant and Equipment 

--- page 116 ---
Annual Report -2026              
115
Note - 3 Right of Use Asset
 Description  Buildings 
 Gross carrying amount  
 Cost as at 01.04.2025 1,444.05
 Additions  316.59 
 Deletions  -   
Cost as at 31.03.2026 1,760.64
Accumulated Depreciation  695.27 
Charge for the year  244.56 
Deletions  -   
As at 31.03.2026 939.83
Net Carrying Value
As at 31.03.2025 748.78
As at 31.03.2026 820.81
Note - 4 Investment Property
 Description          Land 
Gross carrying amount  
Cost as at 01.04.2025 1,138.29
Additions  -   
Disposals  -   
Cost as at 31.03.2026 1,138.29
Accumulated Depreciation  -   
Charge for the year  -   
Disposals  -   
As at 31.03.2026  - 
Net Carrying Value
As at 31.03.2025 1,138.29
As at 31.03.2026 1,138.29

--- page 117 ---
Annual Report -2026              
116
 Note - 5 Non Current-Investment   
Particulars As at 31 March 2026 As at 31 March 2025
investment in Subsidiary Companies (Unquoted Equity 
Shares Fully paidup) 
 
1,00,000 Equity shares of Rs. 1 each fully Paid up in 
Kapston Manpower Services Private Limited
 1.00  1.00 
1,00,000 Equity shares of Rs.1 each fully Paid up in 
Kapston Security  Services Private Limited
 1.00  1.00 
20,000 Equity shares of Rs. 5 each fully Paid up in 
Kapston Home Services Private Limited
 1.00  -   
Total  3.00  2.00 
 
Note - 6 Non Current Loans  
 Particulars  As at March 31,2026  As at March 31,2025 
Loan to Subsidiaries 
Kapston Manpower Services Private Limited  71.61  27.67 
Kapston Security Services Private Limited  2.48  0.31 
Kapston Home Serviecs Private Limited  84.96  -   
Total  159.05  27.98 
  
Note - 7  Other Non Current Financial Assets  
 Particulars  As at March 31,2026  As at March 31,2025 
Deposits against Bank Guarantee  201.59  204.43 
Interest Accured on Deposits against Bank Gurantee  52.66  37.76 
Total  254.25  242.19 
  
Note - 8 Deferred Tax Assets   
 Particulars  As at March 31,2026  As at March 31,2025 
Deferred Tax Asset  on 80JJAA  1,085.78  864.88 
Deferred Tax Asset  on  Property,plant& equipment 182.85 183.95
Deferred Tax Asset  on Right of Use Assets 17.50 7.72
Deferred Tax Asset  on Employee Benefit Obligations 321.05 208.32
Deferred Tax Asset  on Others 0.16 0.16
Total  1,607.35  1,265.03 
  
Note - 9 Inventories  
 Particulars  As at March 31,2026  As at March 31,2025 
Uniforms and Housekeeping materials 482.09  468.02 
Total  482.09  468.02 
  
Note - 10 Trade Receivables  
 Particulars  As at March 31,2026  As at March 31,2025 
Unsecured, Considered Good
Trade Receivable  20,617.44  16,487.63 
Expected Credit Loss  (150.85)  (104.21)
Total 20,466.60 16,383.42 

--- page 118 ---
Annual Report -2026              
117
Trade Receivables Ageing Schedule
Particulars Not due Less 
than 6 
Months
6 
Months 
1 Year
1-2 
Years
2-3 
Years
More 
than  
3 Years
Total
Undisputed  trade receivables -  
onsidered good
10,867.34 8,966.20  398.92 95.43  -  87.77  20,415.66 
Undisputed Trade Receivables- which have 
signifiant increase in Credit risk
 -    -    -    -    -    -    -   
Undisputed Trade Receivables- 
Credit impaired
 -    -    -    -    -    -    -   
Disputed Trade Receivables-  
which have signifiant increase in  
Credit risk
 -    -    -    -    -    201.79  201.79 
Disputed Trade Receivables- 
Credit impaired
 -    -    -    -    -    (150.85)  (150.85)
Balance as at 31 March 2026 10,867.34 8,966.20  398.92  95.43 - 138.71 20,466.60 
Undisputed  trade receivables - 
considered good
7,238.62 8,610.91  359.41  -    36.54  51.23  16,296.71 
Undisputed Trade Receivables-  
which have signifiant increase in  
Credit risk
 -    -    -    -    -    -    -   
Undisputed Trade Receivables- 
Credit impaired
 -    -    -    -    -    -    -   
Disputed Trade Receivables- which have 
signifiant increase in Credit risk
 -    -    -    -    -    190.92  190.92 
Disputed Trade Receivables- 
Credit impaired
 -    -    -    -    -    (104.21)  (104.21)
Balance as at 31 March 2025 7,238.62 8,610.91  359.41  -   36.54  137.94  16,383.42 
 
Note - 11 Cash and Cash Equivalents
 Particulars  As at March 31,2026  As at March 31,2025 
Cash on hand  16.36  27.52 
Balances with banks in
- Current accounts  196.58  39.93 
Total  212.93  67.46 
‘Bank balances lying in various current accounts bear no interest.   
There are no repatriation restrictions with regard to cash and cash equivalents as at the end of reporting period and prior 
periods.  
  
Note - 12  Bank Balance other than (ii) above
 Particulars  As at March 31,2026  As at March 31,2025 
- Margin Money Deposits in Banks *  1,133.41  732.50 
Interest Receivable on above Deposits  102.38 124.47
Total  1,235.79  856.97 
 
Note - 13 Other Financial Assets  
 Particulars  As at March 31,2026  As at March 31,2025 
Rental and other deposits  311.59  272.89 
Receivables for training projects  1,281.67  1,269.37 
Total  1,593.26  1,542.26 

--- page 119 ---
Annual Report -2026              
118
Note - 14 Other Current Assets  
 Particulars  As at March 31,2026  As at March 31,2025 
Advances to Employees  1,523.98  1,318.65 
Advance to Suppliers  157.05  22.30 
Balances with Govt Authorities- TDS Receivable  764.81  1,480.92 
Prepaid Expenses  249.57  204.55 
Other Advances  1.74  -   
Total  2,697.15  3,026.42 
(All amount are in Indian Rupees in Lakhs, except share data or otherwise stated)
Note -15 Share Capital 
Particulars As at 31 March 2026 As at 31 March 2025
Authorized share capital
4,00,00,000 equity shares of Rs.5 each 2,000.00
(2,30,00,000 equity shares of Rs.5 each) 1,150.00
Issued subscribed and paid up share capital
3,04,32,183 Equity Shares of Rs.5 each, fully paid up 1,521.61
2,02,88,122 Equity Shares of Rs.5 each, fully paid up 1,014.41
1,521.61 1,014.41
   
Note:  
i. During the  year on  February 28, 2026 , the shareholders of the company has approved Bonus issue of one equity 
share of the face value of Rs 5 for every two shares with Face Value of Rs. 5 Each. Consequently, the number of equity 
shares increased from 2,02,88,122 to 3,04,32,183 with total paid up Value of Rs.1521.61 Lakhs.    
   
ii. During the previous year on  July 03, 2024 , the shareholders of the company has approved subdivision of one equity 
share of the face value of Rs 10 each into two equity shares of face value of Rs 5 each.Consequently, the number of 
equity shares increased from 1,01,44,061 to 2,02,88,122 without any change in the total paid-up capital.  
    
Reconciliation of equity shares  
outstanding is set out below:
As at 31 March 2026 As at 31 March 2025 
Particulars No. of 
shares 
Amount No. of 
shares 
Amount 
Opening number of equity shares/share capital 2,02,88,122 1,014.41 1,01,44,061 1 ,014.41
Add: equity shares issued during the year  -  -  -  - 
Add: Bonusshares issued during the year 1,01,44,061  507.20 
Add: share split (1:2) during the Year  -  - 1,01,44,061  - 
Less: shares buy backed during the year  -  -  -  - 
Closing number of equity shares/share capital 3,04,32,183 1,521.61 2,02,88,122 1,014.41 
   
Details of shareholders holding more  
than 5% shares :
As at 31 March 2026 As at 31 March 2025 
Particulars No. of 
shares 
% Holding No. of 
shares 
% Holding 
1. Mr Kodali Srikanth 2,16,11,079 71.01% 1,44,07,386 71.01%
2. Mr. Ramachandra Naidu Chereddi 19,23,600 6.32% 12,82,400 6.32%
2,35,34,679 77.33% 1,56,89,786 77.33%
    

--- page 120 ---
Annual Report -2026              
119
Details of shares held by promoters As at 31 March 2026 As at 31 March 2025 %  
change
Particulars No. of 
shares 
% Holding No. of 
shares 
% 
Holding 
1. Mr. Srikanth Kodali 2,16,11,079 71.01% 1,44,07,386 71.01%  -   
2. Ms.Kantikiran Doddapaneni 5,64,006 1.85% 3,76,004 1.85%  -   
2,21,75,085 72.87% 1,47,83,390 72.87%  -   
Note -15.1 Rights attached to equity shares   
“The Company has only one class of  equity shares having a face value of  Rs.5 /- each.For all matters submitted to vote in 
a shareholders meeting of the Company, every holder of an equity share, as reflected in the records of the Company as on 
the record date set for the shareholders meeting, shall have one vote in respect of each share held.”  
 
Should the Company declare and pay any dividends, such dividends will be paid in Indian rupees to each holder of equity 
shares in proportion to the number of shares held to the total equity shares outstanding as on that date.  
    
In the event of liquidation of the Company, all preferential amounts, if any, shall be discharged by the Company. The 
remaining assets of the Company shall be distributed to the holders of equity shares in proportion to the number of shares 
held to the total equity shares outstanding as on that date.    
  
Note -16  Other equity
Particulars As at 31 March 2026 As at 31 March 2025
Retained Earnings  9,350.83  7,055.63 
Securities Premium  755.81  755.81 
Other comprehensive income  (4.44)  61.70 
Total  10,102.19  7,873.14 
Particulars As at 31 March 2026 As at 31 March 2025
Retained earnings
Opening balance  7,055.63  5,272.25 
Add: Addition during the year  2,802.40  1,783.38 
Add: Bonus Issue of shares during the year  (507.20)  -   
Total  9,350.83  7,055.63 
Retained earnings are the profits that the Company has earned till date, less any transfers to general reserve, dividends or 
other distributions to shareholders.
Particulars As at 31 March 2026 As at 31 March 2025
Securities premium
Opening balance  755.81  755.81 
Add: Addition during the year  -    -   
Total  755.81  755.81 
Amount received on issue of shares in excess of the face value has been classified as securities premium. This reserve will 
be utilised in accordance with provisions of Section 52 of the Companies Act, 2013
Particulars As at 31 March 2026 As at 31 March 2025
Other comprehensive income -Acturial gain/loss
Opening balance  61.70  115.12 
Add: Addition during the year  (66.14)  (53.42)
Total  (4.44)  61.70 
   
Other Comprehensive Income (OCI) represents the amount recognised in other equity consequent to remeasurement of 
Defined Employee Benefit Plans    

--- page 121 ---
Annual Report -2026              
120
Particulars Securities  
Premium 
Reserve
Retained 
Earnings
Actuarial gain/ 
Loss on account  
of Defined  
benefit plans
TOTAL
Balance as at 31.03.2024  755.81  5,272.25  115.12  6,143.18 
Profit for the Period 01.04.2024 to 31.03.2025  1,783.38  1,783.38 
Actuarial gain/(loss) on post-employment 
benefit obligations, net of tax benefit 
 (53.42)  (53.42)
 Balance as at 31.03.2025  755.81  7,055.63  61.70  7,873.14 
Profit for the Period 01.04.2025 to 31.03.2026  2,802.40  2,802.40 
Actuarial gain/(loss) on post-employment 
benefit obligations, net of tax benefit 
 -  -  (66.14)  (66.14)
Issue of Bonus Shares Against the Retained 
Earnings
 (507.20)  (507.20)
Balance as at 31.03.2026  755.81  9,858.03  (4.44)  10,102.19 

--- page 122 ---
Annual Report -2026              
121
M/S.KAPSTON SERVICES LIMITED   
Plot No.287,MIG-2,IX Phase Kphb, Kukatpally, Hyderabad, Telangana, India-500072
   
(All amount are in Indian Rupees in Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Note - 17 Long term borrowings
 Particulars  As at March 31,2026  As at March 31,2025 
a)   Loans from Banks & Financial Institutions
     Secured*  3,113.88  3,307.27 
     Unsecured  0.17  103.26 
     Total  3,114.06  3,410.53 
Note*:  
i. Out of the above secured borrowings (a) Rs. 22.27 Lakhs (Previous Year Rs. 3069.18 Lakhs) were obtained 
from Axis Bank Limited, (b) Rs. 124.59 Lakhs (Previous Year Rs. 180.11 Lakhs) were obtained from HDFC 
Bank Limited, (c) Rs. 1,503.29 Lakhs (Previous Year Rs. 58.01 Lakhs) were obtained from ICICI Bank Limited, 
and (d) Rs. 1,463.73 Lakhs (Previous Year Rs. 0 Lakhs) were obtained from IndusInd Bank Limited. 
 
ii. During the year, the Term Loan (Land) availed from Axis Bank Limited was taken over by IndusInd Bank 
Limited & ICICI Bank Limited under a refinancing arrangement. Accordingly, the outstanding balance as at 
31 March 2026 is respectively disclosed under IndusInd Bank Limited & ICICI Bank Limited.  
  
a)  Primary security 
1) For IndusInd Bank Limited 
 Equitable Mortgage by way of First Pari Passu Charge on the Company’s Commercial Land & Building 
situated at Open Plot Nos. 87 & 88, Kavuri Hills, under GHMC, Ranga Reddy District, Telangana, admeasuring 
1,190 Sq. Yards, owned by Kapston Services Limited. The security is shared on a First Pari Passu basis with 
ICICI Bank Limited.
2) For ICICI Bank Limited 
 Equitable Mortgage by way of First Pari Passu Charge on the Company’s Commercial Land & Building 
situated at Open Plot Nos. 87 & 88, Kavuri Hills, under GHMC, Ranga Reddy District, Telangana, admeasuring 
1,190 Sq. Yards, owned by Kapston Services Limited. The security is shared on a First Pari Passu basis with 
IndusInd Bank Limited.”   
   
  
b)  Personal Guarantee’s  
 i. Mr Srikanth Kodali  
 ii. Ms Kanti Kiran Doddapaneni  
  
Note - 18 Lease Liabilities
 Particulars  As at March 31,2026  As at March 31,2025 
Lease Liabilities  658.83  635.72 
Total  658.83  635.72 
 
Note - 19 Provisions  
 Particulars  As at March 31,2026  As at March 31,2025 
Provision for Gratuity  856.35  469.55 
Total  856.35  469.55 
 

--- page 123 ---
Annual Report -2026              
122
Note - 20 Short-term borrowings  
 Particulars  As at March 31,2026  As at March 31,2025 
a) Borrowings from Banks & Financial Institutions
     Secured*  14,021.27  12,403.21 
b) Loans and advances from related Parties
     Unsecured 
c) Current maturities of Long term Borrowings  289.04  285.44 
Total  14,310.31  12,688.65 
  
Note*:  
Out of the above secured borrowings (a) Rs 4360.54 Lakhs ( Previous year Rs 2333.01 Lakhs ) were obtained 
from Axis Bank Limited (b) Rs 4059.48 Lakhs ( Previous year Rs 3164.69 Lakhs ) obtained from HDFC bank 
Limited  (c) Rs 2837.44 Lakhs   ( Previous year Rs 3305.90 lakhs ) obtained from ICICI Bank Limited (d) Rs 2763.81 
Lakhs  ( Previous year Rs 2690.47 lakhs ) obtained from IndusInd Bank Limited (e)  ( Previous year Rs 909.24 
Lakhs) were obtained from Bandhan Bank.
a)  Primary security
i. The loan from all the lenders are ranked with pari passu, by primarily secured by hypothecation of all the 
current assets of the company including inventory and book debts less than 90 days.   
b)  Colletral security 
 For Axis Bank and HDFC Bank Limited 
i. Existing fixed deposits with pari passu charge
ii. Residential Plot Survey No 51 (Area 174241.6 sq ft) at  Maheswaram Mandal , Nacharam Village , Near Bus 
stop , Telangana Pin -501218  owned by Kapston services Limited to Axis.  
  
For ICICI Bank Limited  
Existing fixed deposits with pari passu charge
   
For IndusInd Bank Limited  
Existing fixed deposits with pari passu charge
   
c) Personal Guarantee’s  
i. Mr Srikanth Kodali  
ii. Ms Kanti Kiran Doddapaneni
 
Note - 21 Lease Liabilites 
 Particulars  As at March 31,2026  As at March 31,2025 
Current maturities of lease liabilities  231.50  143.75 
Total 231.50 143.75 
 
  
Note - 22 Trade payables  
 Particulars  As at March 31,2026  As at March 31,2025 
Outstanding dues to micro enterprises and   
small enterprises
 81.24 26.01 
Outstanding dues to creditors other than  
micro enterprises and small enterprises
 168.39      176.34 
Total  249.63  202.36 

--- page 124 ---
Annual Report -2026              
123
Trade payable ageing schedule
Outstanding for following periods from due date of payment
Particulars Not 
due
Less than  
1 year
1-2 
Years
2-3 
Years
More 
than 3 
Years
Total
(i) MSME  81.24  -    -    -    -    81.24 
(ii) Others  -    168.39  -    -    -    168.39 
(iii) Disputed dues - MSME  -    -    -    -    -    -   
(iv) Disputed dues - Others  -    -    -    -    -    -   
Balance as at 31 March 2026 81.24  168.39  -    -    -    249.63 
(i) MSME  26.01  -    -    -    -    26.01 
(ii) Others  -    176.34  -    -    -    176.34 
(iii) Disputed dues - MSME  -    -    -    -    -    -   
(iv) Disputed dues - Others  -    -    -    -    -    -   
Balance as at 31 March 2025 26.01 176.34  -  -  - 202.36 
 
Note - 23 Other financial liabilities  
 Particulars  As at March 31,2026  As at March 31,2025 
Rent payable  11.89  5.30 
Expenses Payable  30.82  45.53 
Audit fee Payable  15.30  15.00 
Expenses payable of projects  -    -   
Salaries Payable  313.11  198.23 
Wages Payable  502.02  912.00 
Interest Accured on Bank borrowings  34.20  36.33 
Total  907.34  1,212.40 
                
Note - 24 Other current liabilities  
 Particulars  As at March 31,2026  As at March 31,2025 
Statutory dues payable  2,261.32  1,914.36 
Advance  Received for Training Projects  -    -   
Total  2,261.32  1,914.36 
  
Note - 25 Provisions  
 Particulars  As at March 31,2026  As at March 31,2025 
Provision for Gratutity  330.80 286.72
Provision for Income Tax  253.16  -   
Total  583.96  286.72 

--- page 125 ---
Annual Report -2026              
124
M/S.KAPSTON SERVICES LIMITED   
 Plot No.287,MIG-2,IX Phase Kphb, Kukatpally, Hyderabad, Telangana, India-500072  
 
Notes to Accounts 
(All amount are in Indian Rupees in Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Note - 26 Revenue from operations   
 Particulars  For the Year Ended 
31 March 2026 
 For the Year Ended
31 March 2025
 Sale of services  
(a) House Keeping  20,089.79  16,451.59 
(b)  Security Service Charges  23,789.62  20,422.79 
(c)  Contract Staffing Income  37,386.32  31,351.74 
(d)  Grants Received from Ministry of Rural  
Development and Government of India for  
DDU -GKY skill Projects 
 83.12  91.75 
(e)  Unbilled Revenue  1,683.50  552.30 
 Total  83,032.35  68,870.17 
  
Note - 27 Other Income   
 Particulars  For the Year Ended 
31 March 2026 
 For the Year Ended
31 March 2025
 Interest on Fixed Deposits and Loans given  82.06  73.58 
 Interest on Income tax Refund  84.35  -   
 Misc Income  0.27  0.13 
  Profit on Sale of Fixed Assets  1.85  3.45 
 Gain on Termination of Leases  5.85  4.30 
 Total  174.38  81.46 
 
  
Note - 28 Cost of Materials consumed 
 Particulars  For the Year Ended 
31 March 2026 
 For the Year Ended
31 March 2025
 Opening Stock  468.02  504.34 
 Purchases  763.29  728.79 
 Closing Stock  (482.09) (468.02) 
 Total  749.22  765.11 
  
Note - 29 Employee Benefits   
 Particulars  For the Year Ended 
31 March 2026 
 For the Year Ended
31 March 2025
 Wages  67,455.36  56,203.48 
 Expenses for Ministry of Rural Development and Gov-
ernment of India for DDU -GKY skill Projects 
 83.12  91.75 
 Salaries  2,749.08  2,196.38 
 Directors Remuneration  192.32  120.00 
 Other Employee Benefits  237.09  131.94 
 Contribution to Provident fund and other funds  5,454.10  4,860.95 
 Gratuity Expense  378.33  275.00 
 Director's Sitting Fees  6.00  6.00 
 Total  76,555.42  63,885.50 

--- page 126 ---
Annual Report -2026              
125
Note - 30 Finance cost   
 Particulars  For the Year Ended 
31 March 2026 
 For the Year Ended
31 March 2025
 Interest on Vehicle loans and other Term loans  175.64  82.48 
 Interest on Bank Over Draft  1,173.05  1,086.46 
 Interset On lease  81.08  52.61 
 Total  1,429.78  1,221.55 
Note - 31 Depreciation and Amortization
 Particulars  For the Year Ended 
31 March 2026 
 For the Year Ended
31 March 2025
 Depreciation of Property,Plant and Equipment  193.83  277.51 
 Depreciation of Right of use assets  208.69  171.96 
 Total  402.52  449.47 
  
Note - 32 Other Expenses    
 Particulars  For the Year Ended 
31 March 2026 
 For the Year Ended
31 March 2025
 Advertisement Charges  26.55  18.32 
  Professional Fees  39.76  30.15 
  Internal Audit Fees  2.00  2.00 
 Business Promotion Expenses  5.15  9.26 
 Consultancy Charges  116.04  111.17 
 Conveyance  50.24  46.57 
 Bank Charges  66.37  45.72 
 Electricity Charges  30.08  31.84 
 Donation   27.29  29.68 
 CSR Expenses  20.00  8.84 
 Insurance Expenses  190.83  184.34 
 Rates and Taxes  111.77  41.48 
 Office Maintenance  80.21  60.92 
 Postage and Telegram  2.71  2.34 
 Printing and Stationery  69.20  39.12 
 Rent   126.00  119.13 
 Internet Charges  2.85  3.07 
 Telephone Charges  18.16  19.30 
 Travelling Expenses  62.98       71.08 
 Computer Maintenance  2.97  4.96 
 Vehicle Maintenance  80.85  72.37 
 NAPS Expenditure  4.97  13.21 
 Tender Expenses  2.71  5.21 
 Recuritment expenses  59.67  38.62 
 Annual Maintenance Charges  5.50  4.27 

--- page 127 ---
Annual Report -2026              
126
 Software Expenses  60.01  46.60 
 Expected Credit Loss  46.64  31.51 
 Other Expenses  5.80  19.93 
 Audit Fees 
 Staututory Audit  14.00  12.00 
 Tax Audit  3.00  3.00 
 Total  1,334.30  1,125.99 
  

--- page 128 ---
Annual Report -2026              
127
KAPSTON SERVICES LIMITED
Standalone Notes Forming Part of IND AS Financial Statements for FY 2025-26
                                            (All amounts are in Lakhs except share data or as otherwise Specified)
Note - 33 Changes in liabilities arising from financing activities.
For the year ended 31 March 2026
Particulars Current  
Borrowings
Non-current 
Borrowings
Lease 
liabilities
As at 01 April 2025 12403.22 3695.97 779.47
Borrowings made during the year 1618.05 3073.50 -
Borrowings repaid during the year - 3366.38 -
Recognition/termination of Lease Liability during the year - - 274.87
Accretion of Interest - - 81.08
Payment of lease liability including interest - - (245.09)
As at 31 March 2026 14021.27 3403.09 890.33
For the year ended 31 March 2025
Particulars Current  
Borrowings
Non-current 
Borrowings
Lease 
liabilities
As at 01 April 2024 9214.69 801.33 205.87 
Borrowings made during the year 3188.53 4363.51 -
Borrowings repaid during the year 1468.87 -
Recognition/termination of Lease Liability during the year - - 732.13
Accretion of Interest - - 52.61
Payment of lease liability including interest - - (211.14)
As at 31 March 2025 12403.22 3695.97 779.47
Note - 34 Earnings per Share
Basic EPS amounts are computed by dividing the profit for the year attributable to equity holders by the 
weighted average number of Equity shares outstanding during the year.
Diluted earnings per share is computed by dividing the profit/(loss) attributable to equity holders by the 
weighted average number of equity shares outstanding during the period/year plus the weighted average 
number of equity shares that would be issued on conversion of all the dilutive potential equity shares into 
equity shares.
Particulars For the Period Ended 
31 March 2026
For the Period Ended 
31 March 2025
Earnings
Profit attributable to equity holders 2802.40 1783.38
Shares
Number of shares at the beginning of the year 2,02,88,122 1,01,44,061
Add: Shares Split(1:2) during the year      1,01,44,061
Add: Bonus issue of Equity shares 1,01,44,061 -
Less: Buy back of equity shares - -
Total number of equities shares outstanding at the
end of the year
3,04,32,183 2,02,88,122
Weighted average number of equities shares  
outstanding during the year – Basic (Nos)*
3,04,32,183 3,04,32,183

--- page 129 ---
Annual Report -2026              
128
Add: Weighted average number of equity  
shares arising out of outstanding stock options  
(net of the stock options forfeited) that have dilutive 
effect on the EPS
- -
Weighted average number of equity shares outstand-
ing during the year – Diluted (Nos)*
3,04,32,183 3,04,32,183
Earnings per share of par value Rs.5/- Basic 9.21 5.86
Earnings per share of par value Rs.5/- Diluted 9.21 5.86
The Shareholders of the Company had approved the bonus issue of one equity share for every two shares held 
of the face value of Rs 5 each. The basic and diluted EPS for the prior periods have been restated considering 
bonus issue in accordance with Ind AS 33- “Earnings per Share” on account of the abovementioned bonus issue 
of equity shares.
Note - 35 Auditor Remuneration
Particulars For the Period Ended
31 March 2026
For the Period Ended 
31 March 2025
Audit Fees 14.00 12.00
Tax Audit 3.00 3.00
Total * 17.00 15.00
* Excluding Taxes
Note - 36 Related Party Transaction
 In accordance with the provisions of Ind AS 24 “Related Party Disclosures” and the Companies Act, 2013, 
Company’s Directors, Key Managerial Personnel defined as per Sec 2(51) of the Companies Act 2013 are 
considered as related parties of the company. 
(a) List of Related parties of the Company is as below:
Names of related parties Nature of Relationship
Parties where Control Exist
Kapston Manpower Services Private limited Subsidiary company
Kapston Security Services Private Limited Subsidiary company
Kapston Home Services Private Limited Subsidiary company
Kapston Home Products Private Limited Fellow Subsidiary company
Key Management Personnel
Dr.  Ramachandra Naidu Chereddi Chairman
Mr. Srikanth Kodali Managing director in 
• Kapston Services Limited and 
Nominee Director in
• Kapston Manpower Services Private Limited
• Kapston Security Services Private Limited
• Kapston Home Products Private Limited
• Kapston Home Services Private Limited
Mr. Naveen Nandigam Independent director
Ms. Vanitha Nagulavari Independent director
Mr. Nageswara Rao Koripalli Independent director
Ms. Doddapaneni Kanti Kiran Non-Executive director

--- page 130 ---
Annual Report -2026              
129
*Mr. Kapil Sood Chief Financial officer in Kapston Services Limited
& Nominee Director in
• Kapston Security Services Private Limited
• Kapston Home Services Private Limited
Ms. Triveni Banda Company Secretary (until: 27.01.2026)  
Mr. Kurubara Ramesha Company Secretary (w.e.f: 24.04.2026)
*Mr. Kolala Somasekhar AVP Compliance in 
• Kapston services Limited and 
Nominee Director in
• Kapston Manpower Services Private Limited 
*Mr. Shampooram Narsing Rao Syam sunder SR VP Staffing in 
• Kapston services Limited and 
Nominee Director in
• Kapston Manpower Services Private Limited 
*Mr.Penmatcha Sri Rama Venkatasurya  
Satyanaryana raju
VP Soft Services in 
• Kapston services Limited and 
Nominee Director in
• Kapston Manpower Services Private Limited 
*Ms. Reena Rekulgikar AVP HR in 
• Kapston services Limited and
Nominee Director in
• Kapston Home Products Private Limited
• Kapston Manpower Services Private Limited 
*Ms. Nitya Menon AVP Procurement and Admin in 
• Kapston services Limited and
Nominee Director in
• Kapston Manpower Services Private Limited 
*Mr. Hara Prasad Panda
 
Executive President in 
• Kapston services Limited and
Nominee Director in
• Kapston Security Services Private Limited
• Kapston Home Services Private Limited
*Mr. Srinivas Chellampalli
 
VP Security in 
• Kapston services Limited and
Nominee Director in
• Kapston Security Services Private Limited
*Mr.Vishnu Bhopal Rao Mora Vittal Chief Operating Officer in 
• Kapston services Limited and
Nominee Director in
• Kapston Security Services Private Limited
*Mr. Kodali Karthik Nominee Director in 
• Kapston Home Products Private Limited
• Kapston Home Services Private Limited
*Note: Since they are Nominee Directors appointed by the company, they are not considered as interested or 
related parties in the transactions between the company and it’s subsidaries

--- page 131 ---
Annual Report -2026              
130
(b) Transactions during the year
Particulars For the Period Ended  
31 March 2026
For the Period Ended  
31 March 2025
Remuneration   
Mr. Ramachandra Naidu Chereddi 15.00 15.00
Mr. Srikanth Kodali 192.32 120.00
Mr. Kapil Sood 74.20 47.27
Ms. Triveni Banda 8.65 8.41
Sitting fee
Mr. Naveen Nandigam 2.00 2.00   
Ms. Vanitha Nagulavari 2.00 2.00   
Mr. Nageswara Rao Koripalli 2.00 2.00   
(c)  Balance Outstanding at
Particulars For the Period Ended  
31 March 2026
For the Period Ended 
31 March 2025 
Remuneration   
Mr. Srikanth Kodali 27.58 6.73
Mr. Ramachandra Naidu Chereddi 1.17 1.15
Mr. Kapil Sood 4.19 2.70
Ms. Triveni Banda - 0.63
Mr. Kurubara Ramesha - -

--- page 132 ---
Annual Report -2026              
131
(d) Transactions during the year with subsidiaries
Particulars For the Period Ended 
31 March 2026
For the Period Ended 
31 March 2025
Kapston Security Services Private Limited
Loan Given 2.43 0.31
Loan Repaid 0.25 -
Interest Income 0.08 -
Kapston Manpower Services Private Limited
Loan Given 173.71 58.85
Loan Repaid 134.08 34.00
Interest Income 4.79 1.60
Kapston Home Services Private Limited
Loan Given 94.59 -
Loan Repaid 10.00 -
Interest Income 0.40 -
Income from Staffing Services                   254.64
(e) Loan Balance Receivable at
Particulars For the Period Ended
31 March 2026
For the Period Ended
31 March 2025
Kapston Manpower Services Private limited 71.61 27.67
Kapston Security Services Private Limited 2.48 0.31
Kapston Home Services Private Limited 84.96 -
(f) Debtor Balance Receivable at
Particulars For the Period Ended
31 March 2026
For the Period Ended
31 March 2025
Kapston Home Services Private Limited 300.48 -
Kapston Manpower Services Private limited 1.80 1.80
Note - 37 Segment Reporting
The Company concluded that there is only one operating segment i.e., Facility Management & staffing ser -
vices. Hence, the same becomes the reportable segment for the Company. Accordingly, the Company has only 
one operating and reportable segment, the disclosure requirements specified in paragraphs 22 to 30 are not 
applicable.
Note - 38 Details of Employee Benefits
Particulars For the Period Ended  
31 March 2026
For the Period Ended  
31 March 2025
Wages 67,455.36 56,203.48
Salaries 2,749.08 2,196.38
Director remuneration 192.32 120.00
Other employee benefits 237.09 131.94
Gratuity Expense 378.33 275.00
Contribution to Provident fund and other funds 5,454.10 4,860.95
Expenses for Ministry of Rural Development and 
Government of India for DDU -GKY skill Projects
83.12 91.75
Total 76,549.40 63,879.50

--- page 133 ---
Annual Report -2026              
132
Notes:
i. The Company operates defined benefit plan i.e., gratuity for its employees. Under the gratuity plan, every 
employee who has completed at least five years of service gets a gratuity on departure at 15 days of last 
drawn salary for each completed year of service. 
Gratuity and other Post employment benefits
In accordance with applicable laws, the Company has a defined benefit plan which provides for gratuity 
payments (the “Gratuity Plan”) and covers certain categories of employees in India. The Gratuity Plan provides 
a lump sum gratuity payment to eligible employees at retirement or termination of their employment. The 
amount of the payment is based on the respective employee’s last drawn salary and the years of employment 
with the Company. Liabilities in respect of the Gratuity Plan are determined by an actuarial valuation.
(a) Change in Present Value of Defined Benefit Obligation - Gratuity)
Particulars For the Period Ended
31 March 2026
For the Period Ended
31 March 2025
Defined Benefit obligation at the beginning 756.27 500.26
Interest cost 51.68 33.98
Adjustment - -
Current service cost 326.65 209.94
Benefits Paid (35.84) (59.30)
Actuarial losses on obligation 88.39 71.39
Obligation at the end of the year 1,187.15 756.27
(b) Amount recognised in Profit and Loss account and other comprehensive income recognised for 
defined benefit contribution Plan
Particulars For the Period Ended
31 March 2026  
For the Period Ended
31 March 2025
Current Service Cost 326.65 209.94
Past Service cost - -
Gain/(Loss) on settlements - -
Reimbursement of service cost - -
Total Service cost 326.65 209.94
Interest expense on DBO 51.68 33.98
Interest (income) on Plan assets - -
Interest (income) on Reimbursement rights - -
Interest expense on Asset ceiling /Onerous Liability - -
Total Net Interest cost 51.68 33.98
Reimbursements of Other Long-term benefits -                                -
Defined benefit cost Included in P&L 378.33 243.92
Remeasurements -Due to Demographic assumptions 121.14 (106.36)
Remeasurements -Due to Financial assumptions 78.48 (54.48)
Remeasurements -Due to Experience adjustments (111.23) 232.23
(Return) on Plan assets (Excluding interest income) - -
(Return) on Reimbursement Rights - -
Changes in Asset ceiling /Onerous Liability - -
Total Remeasurements in OCI 88.39 71.39
Total Defined Benefit Recognised in P&L and OCI 466.72 315.30

--- page 134 ---
Annual Report -2026              
133
(c) Amount recognised in the statement of Financial Position
Particulars For the Period Ended
31 March 2026  
For the Period Ended
31 March 2025  
Defined Benefit Obligation 1,187.15 756.27
Fair value of plan assets - -
Net asset/(Liability) recognised in Balance sheet 1,187.15 756.27
(d) The assumptions used in accounting for the Gratuity Plan are set out as below:
Particulars For the Period Ended
31 March 2026 
For the Period Ended
31 March 2025  
Discount rate 7.78% 7.00%
Retirement age 58 Years 58 Years
Future salary increases 5.00% 2.00%
Note - 39 Income taxes
Income tax Expense/(Benefit) recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss Account
Particulars For the Period Ended
31 March 2026  
For the Period Ended 
31 March 2025 
Current Tax Expense 253.16 -
Deferred tax Expense - -
Deferred tax Expense Benefit (320.07) (279.36)
Total income tax Expense/(Benefit) recognised (66.91) (279.36)
Income tax Expense/(Benefit) recognised in the Statement of other comprehensive income.
Particulars For the Period Ended
31 March 2026 
For the Period Ended
31 March 2025
Tax Effect on remeasurement of defined benefit Plans 22.25 17.97
Total income tax Expense/(Benefit) recognised 22.25 17.97
Reconciliation of Effective Tax Rate:
Particulars For the Period Ended 
31 March 2026 
For the Period Ended 
31 March 2025 
 Profit Before Income tax 2,735.49 1,504.42
Enacted tax Rate in India 25.17% 25.17%
Computed Expected Tax Expense/(Benefit) 688.52 378.56
Tax Effect on
Expense Not deductible for tax Purpose 251.69 200.17
Expense deductible for tax Purpose 121.60 107.42
Other deductions 565.44 625.45
Income tax Expense/(Benefit) 253.16 (154.09)
Effective tax rate 9.26% -
Deferred tax (Asset)/Liabilities (Net)   
Particulars For the Period Ended 
31 March 2026 
For the Period Ended 
31 March 2025 
Deferred tax asset on 80JJAA 1,085.78 864.88
Deferred tax asset on Property, Plant and Equipment 182.85 183.9
Deferred tax Assets on Right of Use assets 17.50 7.72
Deferred tax asset on Employee benefit obligations 321.05 208.32
Deferred tax asset on others 0.16 0.16
Net Deferred Tax Asset 1,607.35 1265.03

--- page 135 ---
Annual Report -2026              
134
Note - 40 Contingent Liabilities
Particulars For the Period Ended 
31 March 2026 
For the Period Ended 
31 March 2025 
Claims against the Company/ 
Disputed Liabilities not acknowledged as debts
- -
Bank Guarantee 1220.29 1207.69
Total 1220.29 1207.69
Note - 41 Financial Instruments
The Carrying value and fair value of financial instruments as at 31 March 2026 and 31 March 2025 were as 
follows:
Particulars As at 31 March 2026 As at 31 March 2025
Carrying value Fair value/ 
Amortised cost
Carrying value Fair value/ 
amortised cost
Trade Receivables 20,466.60 20,466.60 16,383.42 16,383.42
Loans and advances 159.04 159.04  27.98        27.98
Cash and cash equivalents 212.93 212.93 67.46 67.46
Other Bank balances 1,235.79 1,235.79 856.97 856.97
Other Financial Assets 1,847.51 1,847.51 1,784.45 1,784.45
Investments 3.00 3.00 2.00 2.00
Total 23,924.87 23,924.87 19,122.28 19,122.28
Borrowings 17,424.36 17,424.36 16,099.19 16,099.19
Trade payables 249.63 249.63 202.36 202.36
Lease Liabilities 890.33 890.33 779.47 779.47
Other financial liabilities 907.34 907.34 1212.40 1212.40
Total 19,471.66 19,471.66 18,293.42 18,293.42
Fair value hierarchy
Level 1 -  Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.
Level 2 -  Inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, 
either directly (i.e., as prices) or indirectly (i.e., derived from prices).
Level 3 -  Inputs for the assets or liabilities that are not based on observable market data (unobservable inputs).
Note - 42 Financial Risk Management Objectives and Policies
The Company’s activities expose it to a variety of financial risks, including credit risk, liquidity risk and Market 
risk. The Company’s risk management assessment and policies and processes are established to identify 
and analyse the risks faced by the Company, to set appropriate risk limits and controls, and to monitor such 
risks and compliance with the same. Risk assessment and management policies and processes are reviewed 
regularly to reflect changes in market conditions and the Company’s activities. The Board of Directors, risk 
management committee and the Audit Committee is responsible for overseeing the Company’s risk assessment 
and management policies and processes.
A) Credit Risk
Credit risk is the risk of financial loss arising from counterparty failure to repay or service debt according 
to the contractual terms or obligations. Credit risk encompasses both the direct risk of default and the risk 
of deterioration of creditworthiness as well as concentration risks. Financial instruments that are subject to 
concentrations of credit risk, principally consist of trade receivables, loans and advances and financial instruments. 
The Company strives to promptly identify and reduce concerns about collection due to a deterioration in the 
financial conditions and others of its main counterparties by regularly monitoring their situation based on their 
financial condition. None of the financial instruments of the Company result in material concentrations of credit 
risks.

--- page 136 ---
Annual Report -2026              
135
Exposure to credit risk 
The carrying amount of financial assets represents the maximum credit exposure. The maximum exposure to 
credit risk was Rs 23,924.88 Lakhs and 19,122.27 Lakhs as at 31 March 2026 and 31 March 2025 respectively, 
being the total of the carrying amount of balances with banks, short term deposits with banks, trade receivables, 
finance receivables, margin money and other financial assets.
a. Trade Receivables
The Company’s exposure to credit risk is influenced mainly by the individual characteristics of each customer. 
The demographics of the customer, including the default risk of the industry and country in which the customer 
operates, also has an influence on credit risk assessment. Credit risk is managed through credit approvals, 
establishing credit limits and continuously monitoring the creditworthiness of customers to which the Company 
grants credit terms in the normal course of business. 
The total Trade Receivable as on 31 March 2026 is Rs 20,466.60 Lakhs and Rs16,383.42 lakhs as on 31 March 
2025.
Particulars As at
31 March 2026
As at
31 March 2025
Neither Past Due nor Impaired 10,867.34 7,238.62
Past Due but not Impaired
Less than 365 days 9,365.12 8,970.32
More than 365 days 234.14 178.48
Credit Impaired 150.85 104.21
Less: Allowance for credit Losses (150.85) (104.21)
Total 20,466.60 16,383.42
None of the Company’s cash equivalents, including deposits with banks, were past due or impaired as at 31 
March 2026.
On account of adoption of Ind AS 109, the Company uses Expected Credit Loss (ECL) model for assessing the 
impairment loss. For this purpose, it is weighted average of credit losses with the respective risks of default 
occurring as weights. The credit loss is the difference between all contractual cash flows that are due to an 
entity as per the contract and all the contractual cash flows that the entity expects to receive, discounted to the 
effective interest rate.
Reconciliation of allowance for credit losses
The details of changes in allowance for credit losses during the year ended 31 March 2026 and 31 March 2025 
are as follows:
Particulars As at 31 March 2026 As at 31 March 2025
Balance at the beginning of the year 104.21 72.70
Impairment of Trade receivables 46.64 31.51
Balance at the end of the year 150.85 104.21
Credit quality of financial assets and impairment loss 
The ageing of trade receivables as of balance sheet date is given in Note No 10. The age analysis has been 
considered from the due date.
B)  Liquidity Risks 
  Liquidity risk is the risk that the Company will encounter difficulty in meeting its obligations associated 
with financial liabilities. The Company consistently generates sufficient cash flows from operations and 
has access to multiple sources of funding to meet its financial obligations and maintain adequate liquidity 
for use. The Company’s objective is to maintain a balance between continuity of funding and flexibility 
through the use of bank overdrafts, bank loans, debentures, shareholder equity, and finance leases. 
  The below table summarises company’s long-term debt that will mature in less than one year based on 
the carrying value of borrowings reflected in the financial statements.

--- page 137 ---
Annual Report -2026              
136
Particulars As at 31 March 2026 As at 31 March 2025
Company’s Long-term debt 3,403.09 3,695.97
Company long term debt that will mature in less than 
one year from the reporting period
289.04 285.44
9.28% 8.37%
The table below summarises the maturity profile of the Company’s financial liabilities based on contractual 
undiscounted payments. 
Particulars Carrying Value On Demand 1 to 5 years > 5 years
As at 31 March 2026    
Long term borrowings 3,403.09 289.04 3114.06            -   
Other financial liabilities 907.34 907.34 -            -   
Trade payables 249.63 249.63 -            -   
Lease Liabilities 890.33 231.50 658.83 -
Short term borrowings 14,021.27 14,021.27 - -
As at 31 March 2025     
Long term borrowings 3695.97 285.44 3410.53            -   
Other financial liabilities 1212.40 1212.40 -            -   
Trade payables 202.36 202.36 -            -   
Lease Liabilities 779.47 143.75 635.72 -
Short term borrowings 12403.21 12403.21 - -
The Company has assessed the concentration of risk with respect to refinancing its debt and concluded it to be 
low. The Company has access to a sufficient variety of sources of funding and significant portion of short-term 
debt maturing within 12 months can be rolled over with existing lenders. The Company believes that it has 
sufficient working capital and cash accruals to meet its business requirements and other obligations.
C) Market Risks 
 Market risk is the risk that changes in market prices such as commodity prices risk, foreign exchange 
rates and interest rates which will affect the Company’s financial position. Market risk is attributable to all 
market risk sensitive financial instruments including foreign currency receivables and payables.
D)  Foreign Currency Risk
 Foreign currency risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of an exposure will fluctuate because 
of changes in foreign exchange rates. The Company exposure to the risk of changes in foreign exchange 
rates relates primarily to the Company’s operating activities (when revenue or expense is denominated in a 
foreign currency). Considering the countries and economic environment in which the Company operates, 
its operations are subject to risks arising from fluctuations in exchange rates in those countries.
Expenditure in Foreign Currency is as follows
Particulars For the Period Ended 
31 March 2026 
For the Period Ended
31 March 2025
FOB value of Imports - -   
Professional Fees -   -
Other Expenses -   -   
Total -   -

--- page 138 ---
Annual Report -2026              
137
Earnings in Foreign Exchange
Particulars For the Period Ended 
31 March 2026 
For the Period Ended
31 March 2025
FOB value of Imports - -   
Professional Fees -   -
Other Expenses -   -   
Total -   -
Note - 43. Capital Management 
The Company’s objective for capital management is to maximize shareholder wealth, safeguard business conti-
nuity and support the growth of the Company. The Company determines the capital management requirement 
based on annual operating plans and long term and other strategic investment plans. The funding require -
ments are met through equity, borrowings and operating cash flows required.
Particulars As at 31 March 2026 As at 31 March 2025
Total Debt 17,424.36 16,099.19
Total Equity 11,623.80 8887.55
Debt to Equity Ratio 1.50:1 1.81:1
Note - 44 Corporate Social responsibility expenses
The CSR expenditure comprise of the following 
a. Gross Expenditure required to be spent during the financial year 2025-26 is Rs.20 lakhs and Rs 8.84 
lakhs of Previous Financial Year 2024-25.
b. Amount spent during the year is given below
Particulars For the Year Ended  
31 March 2026
For the Year Ended  
31 March 2025
Preventing Health care including preventive health care - -
Slum Area Development- Development of roads in 
slum areas
- -
Rural area development - -
Eradicating hunger, poverty and malnutrition,  
promoting education, including special education and 
employment enhancing vocation skills
20.00 8.84
Kasturba Gandhi National memorial trust - -
Total amount spent 20.00 8.84                            

--- page 139 ---
Annual Report -2026              
138
Note - 45 Micro Small and Medium Enterprises disclosure 
The following details relating to micro, small and medium enterprises shall be disclosed in the notes.
Particulars For the Period Ended 
31 March 2026 
For the Period Ended 
31 March 2025 
The principal amount and the interest due thereon 
(to be shown separately) remaining unpaid to any 
supplier at the end of each accounting year;
The amount of interest paid by the buyer in terms 
of section 16 of the Micro, Small and Medium 
Enterprises Development Act, 2006 (27 of 2006), 
along with the amount of the payment made to 
the supplier beyond the appointed day during each 
accounting year;
The amount of interest due and payable for the 
period of delay in making payment (which has been 
paid but beyond the appointed day during the year) 
but without adding the interest specified under the 
Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises Development 
Act, 2006;
The amount of interest accrued and remaining 
unpaid at the end of each accounting year; and 
the amount of further interest remaining due and 
payable even in the succeeding years, until such 
date when the interest 
Dues above are actually paid to the small enterprise, 
for the purpose of disallowance of a deductible 
expenditure under section 23 of the Micro, Small 
and Medium Enterprises Development Act, 2006.
81.24
                        -
                       -
                       -
 
26.01
                        -
                       -
                       -
Total 81.24 26.01
Note: The list of undertakings covered under MSMED Act was determined by the Company on the basis of 
information available with the Company.
Note - 46 Leases
The Company take lease contracts for buildings. The leases generally have lease terms between 3-5 years. 
The Company’s obligations under its leases are secured by the lessor’s title to the leased assets. Generally, the 
Company is restricted from assigning and sub-leasing the leased assets. There lease contracts that include 
extension and termination options, which are further discussed below.
The Company also has certain leases with lease terms of 12 months or less and leases with low value. The 
Company applies the ‘short-term lease’ and ‘lease of low-value assets’ recognition exemptions for these leases.
Refer Note 3 for details of carrying amounts of right-of-use assets recognised and the movements during the 
year. Set out below are the carrying amounts of lease liabilities (included under interest-bearing borrowings) 
and the movements during the year.

--- page 140 ---
Annual Report -2026              
139
Particulars For the year ended 
31 March 2026
For the year ended  
31 March 2025
At the beginning of the year 779.47 205.86
Additions 316.59 736.43
Leases terminated (41.72) (4.30)
Accretion of interest 81.08 52.61
Payments Including Interest (245.09) (211.14)
At the end of the year 890.33 779.47
Current 231.50 143.75
Non-current 658.83 635.72
The maturity analysis of lease liabilities is disclosed in Note 42.  The following are the amounts recognized in 
the statement of profit or loss:
The Company had total cash outflows for leases of Rs 245.09 Lakhs.
The Company has several lease contracts that include extension and termination options. These options are ne-
gotiated by management to provide flexibility in managing the leased-asset portfolio and align with the Com-
pany’s business needs. Management exercises significant judgement in determining whether these extension 
and termination options are reasonably certain to be exercised. The effective interest rate for lease liabilities is 
11.00%, with maturity between 2029-30.
Particulars For the year ended 31 
March 2026
For the year ended 31 
March 2025
Expense relating to leases of low-value assets 55.41 53.60
Expense relating to short-term leases 70.59 65.53
Variable lease payments - -
Total Lease Payments not considered as Lease 
payments under Ind AS 116
126.00 119.13
Note - 47 Other statutory information:
a. The Company does not have any Benami property, where any proceeding has been initiated or pending 
against the Company for holding any Benami property.
b. The Company does not have any transactions with struck off companies.
c. The Company does not have any charges or satisfaction which is yet to be registered with ROC beyond the 
statutory period.
d. The Company has not traded or invested in Crypto currency or Virtual Currency during the financial year.
e. The Company has not advanced or loaned or invested funds to any other person(s) or entity(ies), including 
foreign entities (Intermediaries) with the understanding that the Intermediary shall:
i.  directly or indirectly lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by 
or on behalf of the company (Ultimate Beneficiaries) or
ii. provide any guarantee, security or the like to or on behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries.
f. he Company has not received any fund from any person(s) or entity(ies), including foreign entities (Funding 
Party) with the understanding (whether recorded in writing or otherwise) that the Company shall:
i.  directly or indirectly lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by 
or on behalf of the Funding Party (Ultimate Beneficiaries) or
ii. provide any guarantee, security or the like on behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries.
g. The Company has not entered into any transaction which is not recorded in the books of accounts that has 
been surrendered or disclosed as income during the year in the tax assessments under the Income Tax Act, 
1961 (such as, search or survey or any other relevant provisions of the Income Tax Act, 1961).

--- page 141 ---
Annual Report -2026              
140
h. The Company has not been declared as wilful defaulter by any bank or financial institution or other lender.
i. The Company has complied with the number of layers prescribed under clause (87) of section 2 of the Act 
read with the Companies (Restriction on number of Layers) Rules, 2017.
j. No Scheme of Arrangements has been approved by the Competent Authority in terms of sections 230 to 
237 of the Companies Act, 2013, during the year.
k. The Company has borrowings from banks against security of its current assets. The reports or statements 
of Current assets filed by the company with banks are in agreement with the books of accounts.
l. The borrowings obtained by the company from banks and financial institutions have been applied for the 
purposes for which such loans were taken.

--- page 142 ---
Annual Report -2026              
141
Sl No Particulars FY 
2025-26
FY  
2024-25
%Change Items Included in  
Numerator
Items Included in  
Denominator
Reason for  
change
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
Current Ratio ( No of times)
Debt Equity Ratio (No of times)
Return on Equity Ratio ( No of times)
Trade Receivable Turnover Ratio (No of times)
Inventory Turnover Ratio (No of times)
Debt service coverage Ratio (No of times)
Trade Payable turnover Ratio (No of times)
Net Capital  turnover Ratio (No of times)
Net Profit Ratio %
Return on Capital employed (No of times)
 1.44 
1.50
0.27
 
4.51 
 1.58 
0.92
 
3.32 
 10.20 
 0.03 
 0.27 
 1.36 
1.81
0.22
 
4.74 
 1.57 
1.19
 3.73 
 11.68 
 0.03 
 0.21 
5.94%
-17.25%
22.92%
-4.92%
0.22%
-22.84%
-11.03%
-12.71%
30.34%
27.23%
Current Assets
Total Debt
Net profit after tax
Credit Sales
Raw Material consumed 
Earnings available for debt service
Cost of material Consumed
Revenue from Operations
Net profit after tax
Earnings before interest and 
taxes(EBIT) 
Current Liabilities
Share holdersEquity
Average Shareholders’s 
Equity
Average trade receivables
Average Inventory
Interest on borrowings + 
Repayment of borrowings
Average Trade Payable
Working capital
Revenue from Operations
Capital Employed(pre cash)
Due to increase in revenue 
and cost efficiency, resulted 
in profitability compared with 
the previous year.
Due to growth in EBIT for 
current year as compared to 
previous year.
48: Ratios as per schedule III requirements 

--- page 143 ---
Annual Report -2026              
142
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT
TO THE MEMBERS OF KAPSTON SERVICES LIMITED
Report on the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements 
Opinion
We have audited the accompanying Consolidated financial statements of KAPSTON SERVICES LIMITED 
(“hereinafter referred to as the “Holding Company”) and its subsidiaries (the Holding company and its 
subsidiaries together referred to as “the group”) which comprising of the  Consolidated Balance Sheet as at 
31 March 2026, the consolidated Statement of Profit and Loss (including other comprehensive income), the 
Consolidated statement of changes in equity and the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows for the year ended 
on that date, and a summary of the material accounting policies and other explanatory information (hereinafter 
referred to as the “ Consolidated financial statements”).
In our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the explanations given to us, the aforesaid 
Consolidated financial statements give the information required by the Companies Act, 2013 (“the  Act”) in  
the  manner so  required and give a true and fair view in conformity with the  Indian Accounting Standards 
prescribed under section 133 of the Act read with the Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules, 2016, 
as amended, (“Ind AS”) and other accounting principles generally accepted in India, of the Consolidated state 
of affairs of the Company as at 31 March 2026, its Consolidated profit, its Consolidated total comprehensive 
income, its Consolidated statement of changes in equity and its Consolidated cash flows for the year ended 
on that date.
Basis for Opinion
We conducted our audit of the Consolidated financial statements in accordance with the Standards on Auditing 
specified under section 143(10) of the Act (SAs). Our responsibilities under those Standards are further 
described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements section of our report. We 
are independent of the Company in accordance with the Code of Ethics issued by the Institute of Chartered 
Accountants of India (ICAI) together with the independence requirements that are relevant to our audit of the 
financial statements under the provisions of the Act and the Rules made there under, and we have fulfilled our 
other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements and the ICAI’s Code of Ethics. We believe 
that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit opinion 
on the Consolidated financial statements.
Key Audit Matters
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit 
of the Consolidated financial statements for the financial year ended 31 March 2026. These matters were 
addressed in the context of our audit of the Consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming 
our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters. For each matter below, our 
description of how our audit addressed the matter is provided in that context.
We have determined the matters described below to be the key audit matters to be communicated in our 
report. We have fulfilled the responsibilities described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the 
consolidated financial statements section of our report, including in relation to these matters.
Accordingly, our audit included the performance of procedures designed to respond to our assessment of the 
risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements. The results of our audit procedures 
performed by us, including the procedures performed to address the matters below, provide the basis for our 
audit opinion on the accompanying consolidated financial statements.
Key Audit Matters How the Matter was addressed in Audit
Accuracy of recognition, measurement, 
presentation & disclosures of revenue
The group’s revenue for the financial year ending 31 
March 2026 is Rs 83.020.04 Lakhs.
A significant portion of the Group’s revenue is derived 
from contracts with customers which consist of 
rendering services.
Principal Audit Procedures
• Our audit procedures include testing and 
evaluation of the internal control system 
implemented in respect of revenue and related 
activities. Our audit also consists of performing 
analytical procedures, review of contracts and 
agreements with the customers to understand 
the performance obligations of the parties.

--- page 144 ---
Annual Report -2026              
143
Revenue is recognized when the control is transferred 
to the customer and when the Group has completed 
its performance obligations in accordance with the 
contractual terms.
Revenue is measured at the fair value of consideration 
received or receivable.
Further, the contractual terms also determine the 
measurement and recognition of revenue and profit. 
The Group is therefore required to make operational 
and financial assumptions and various judgements.
The nature of services provided by the group also gives 
rise to accrued/unbilled revenue with corresponding 
profit recognition. Accrued/unbilled income for the 
financial year ending 31 March 2026 is Rs 1,683.50 
Lakhs
Judgements include:
• Interpretation of contract terms.
• Allocation of revenue to performance conditions; 
and
• Combining of obligations where the services are 
related.
Trade Receivable:
Trade receivables, as indicated in Note No 10, comprise 
a significant portion of the total assets of the Company 
and serve as security for a majority of the Company’s 
short-term debt. Total debtors constitute 58.04 % of the 
total assets of the company and the outstanding trade 
receivables are about 89 days of the total revenue.
Accordingly, the value of receivables comprises a 
significant portion of the total assets of the company.
Deferred tax assets:
The Group has recognized Rs 1,608.64 Lakhs of deferred 
tax assets as at 31 March 2026. The recognition of 
deferred tax asset involves judgment by management 
regarding the likelihood of the realization of these 
assets. The expectation that these assets will be realized 
is dependent on a number of factors, including whether 
there will be a sufficient taxable profit in future periods 
that support the utilization of these assets.
For details refer to note 8 of the financial statements.
• We have also performed testing of key controls over 
the contract process including contract monitoring, 
measurement of critical elements of the contract 
based on which revenue is recognized, invoicing and 
authorizations over certain systems used to generate 
the information. The basis for the evaluation of internal 
control has been performed on sample basis
We have performed the following audit procedures:
Obtained a sample of contracts to confirm that revenue 
had been appropriately recognized. Tested the revenue 
recognized with supporting documentation which includes 
attendance records, customer acceptance, reviewing 
customer correspondence where necessary and ensuring 
cut-off had been appropriately applied.
Based on our audit, no significant observations have 
been noted which have resulted in reporting to the audit 
committee. Our overall conclusion is that there are, in all 
material respects, proper processes in place to recognize 
the correct billed and unbilled revenue in the financial 
statement.
Our audit approach was a combination of test of inter -
nal controls and substantive procedures which included 
the following: 
• Evaluate and test the controls for managing trade re -
ceivables like credit limits and subsequent recovery,
• Assessing the recoverability of long out Standings, 
• Evaluation of status of disputes and possibility of 
recovery,
• Seek independent confirmations and apply alternate 
audit procedures in case of non replies. 
Conclusion 
Our procedures did not identify any material exceptions.
Our audit procedure in relation to recognition of de -
ferred tax assets/liabilities includes: 
• Evaluation of design and testing the operating effec -
tiveness of key controls implemented by the company 
over recognition of deferred tax assets based on the 
assessment of the Group’s ability to generate sufficient 
taxable profits in the foreseeable future allowing the 
use of deferred tax assets.
• Tested the arithmetical accuracy of the calculations 
performed by the management.
• Evaluated management’s assessment for adjustment 
of such deferred tax assets as per the provisions of 
Income tax Act, 1961 and appropriateness of the ac -
counting treatment with respect to the recognition of 
deferred tax assets as per requirements of Ind AS 12, 
Income taxes.
• Evaluated the appropriateness of the disclosures made 
in the financial statements in respect of deferred tax 
assets.
Information Other than the Consolidated Financial Statements and Auditor’s Report Thereon
The Holding Company’s Board of Directors is responsible for the other information. The other information 
comprises the information included in the annual report, but does not include the financial statements and 
auditor’s report(s) thereon. The annual report is expected to be made available to us after the date of this 
auditor’s report.
Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not 
express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.

--- page 145 ---
Annual Report -2026              
144
In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other 
information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the 
consolidated financial statements or our knowledge obtained during the course of our audit or otherwise 
appears to be materially misstated.
Management’s Responsibility for the Consolidated Financial Statements
The Holding Company’s Board of Directors is responsible for the matters stated in Section 134(5) of the Act with 
respect to the preparation and presentation of these consolidated financial statements that give a true and fair 
view of the consolidated financial position, consolidated financial performance including other comprehensive 
income, consolidated cash flows and consolidated statement of changes in equity of the Company in accordance 
with the accounting principles generally accepted in India, including the Indian Accounting Standards (Ind 
AS) specified under Section 133 of the Act read with Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules, 2015, 
as amended. The respective Board of Directors of the companies included in the Group are responsible for 
maintenance of adequate accounting records in accordance with the provisions of the Act for safeguarding the 
assets of the Group and for preventing and detecting frauds and other irregularities; selection and application 
of appropriate accounting policies; making judgments and estimates that are reasonable and prudent; 
and design, implementation and maintenance of adequate internal financial controls, that were operating 
effectively for ensuring the accuracy and completeness of the accounting records, relevant to the preparation 
and presentation of the consolidated financial statements that give a true and fair view and are free from 
material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, which have been used for the purpose of preparation of 
consolidated financial statements by the Directors of the Holding Company, as aforesaid.
In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the respective Board of Directors of the companies included 
in the Group are responsible for assessing the ability of the Group to continue as a going concern, disclosing, 
as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless 
management either intends to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or has no realistic alternative but to 
do so.
The respective Board of Directors of the Companies included in the Group are responsible for overseeing the 
Group’s financial reporting process
Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a 
whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that 
includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit 
conducted in accordance with SAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Mis-statements can 
arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably 
be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial 
statements.
As part of an audit in accordance with SAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional 
skepticism throughout the audit. We also: 
• Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether 
due to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit 
evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a 
material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve 
collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.
• Obtain an understanding of internal financial control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures 
that are appropriate in the circumstances. Under Section 143(3)(i) of the Act, we are also responsible 
for expressing our opinion on the internal financial controls with reference to the consolidated financial 
statements and the operating effectiveness of such controls.
• Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates 
and related disclosures made by the management.
• Conclude on the appropriateness of management’s use of the going concern basis of accounting and, 
based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions 
that may cast significant doubt on the Group ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that 
a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related 

--- page 146 ---
Annual Report -2026              
145
disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our 
opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. 
However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.
• Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including 
the disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions 
and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.
• Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business 
activities within the Group of which we are independent auditors, to express an opinion on the consolidated 
financial statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the audit of the 
financial statements of such entities included in the consolidated financial statements of which we are the 
independent auditors. For the other entities included in the consolidated financial statements, which have 
been audited by other auditors, such other auditors remain responsible for the direction, supervision and 
performance of the audits carried out by them. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.
We communicate with those charged with governance of the Holding Company and such other entities 
included in the consolidated financial statement of which we are the independent auditors regarding, 
among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including 
any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit. 
We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant 
ethical requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other 
matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, related 
safeguards. 
From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that 
were of most significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements for the financial year 
ended 31 March 2026 and are therefore the key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s 
report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare 
circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse 
consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such 
communication.
Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements
1. As required by section 143(3) of the Companies Act 2013, we report that:
a) We have sought and obtained all the information and explanations which to the best of our knowledge 
and belief were necessary for the purpose of our audit of the aforesaid consolidated financial statements
b) In our opinion proper books of account as required by law have been kept by the Company so far as 
appears from our examination of those books.
c) The Consolidated Balance Sheet, the Consolidated Statement of Profit and Loss including the Statement 
of Other Comprehensive Income, the Consolidated Cash Flow Statement and Consolidated Statement of 
Changes in Equity dealt with by this Report are in agreement with the books of account maintained for the 
purpose of preparation of the consolidated financial statements;
d) In our opinion, the aforesaid Consolidated financial statements comply with the Accounting Standards 
specified under of Section 133 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with relevant rules issued thereunder.
e) On the basis of the written representations received from the directors of the Holding Company as on 31 
March 2026 taken on record by the Board of Directors of the Holding Company and the reports of the 
statutory auditors who are appointed under Section 139 of the Act, of its subsidiary companies, none of 
the directors of the Group’s companies, incorporated in India, is disqualified as on 31 March 2026 from 
being appointed as a director in terms of Section 164(2) of the Act;
f) With respect to the adequacy of the internal financial controls with reference to financial statements of the 
Holding Company and its subsidiary companies incorporated in India and the operating effectiveness of 
such controls, refer to our separate Report in “Annexure A” to this report;

--- page 147 ---
Annual Report -2026              
146
g) In our opinion and based on the consideration of the reports of the statutory auditors of subsidiaries, 
the managerial remuneration for the year ended 31 March 2026 has been paid/provided by the Holding 
Company and its subsidiaries to their directors is in accordance with the provisions of Section 197 read 
with Schedule V to the Act;
h) With respect to the other matters to be included in the Auditor’s Report in accordance with Rule 11 of the 
Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014, as amended in our opinion and to the best of our information 
and according to the explanations given to us:
i. There are no pending litigations for or against the holding company and its subsidiaries which would 
impact on its Consolidated financial position.
ii. The Group does not have any derivatives contracts. Further there are no long-term contracts for which 
provisions for any material foreseeable losses are required to be made.
iii. There are no amounts pending that are required to be transferred to Investor Education and Protection 
Fund.
iv. 
(a) The respective Management of the Holding and its subsidiaries has represented that, to the best of 
its knowledge and belief, no funds (which are material either individually or in the aggregate) have been 
advanced or loaned or invested (either from borrowed funds or share premium or any other sources or kind 
of funds) by the Company to or in any other person or entity, including foreign entity (“Intermediaries”), 
with the understanding, whether recorded in writing or otherwise, that the Intermediary shall, whether, 
directly or indirectly lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or 
on behalf of the Company (“Ultimate Beneficiaries”) or provide any guarantee, security or the like on behalf 
of the Ultimate Beneficiaries;
(b)  The respective Management of the holding and its subsidiaries  has represented that, to the best of its 
knowledge and belief, no funds (which are material either individually or in the aggregate) have been 
received by the Company from any person or entity, including foreign entity (“Funding Parties”), with  
the understanding, whether recorded inwriting or otherwise, that the Company shall, whether, directly 
or indirectly, lender invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner what so ever by or on 
behalf of the Funding Party(“Ultimate Beneficiaries”) or provide any guarantee, security or the like on 
behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries;
(c)  Based on such audit procedures that we considered reasonable and appropriate in the circumstances, 
nothing has come to our notice that has caused us to believe that the representations under Sub-
clause (a) and (b) contain any material misstatement.
v. The Company has neither declared nor paid any dividend during the year and until the date of this report
 Based on auditor’s report of the subsidiaries, which are companies incorporated in India Group Companies 
has neither declared nor paid any dividend during the year and until the date of this report.
vi. Based on our examination, which included test checks, the company and its subsidiaries have used 
accounting software for maintaining its books of account which has a feature of recording audit trail 
(edit log) facility and the same has operated throughout the year for all relevant transactions recorded in 
the software. Further, during our audit, we did not come across any instance of audit trail feature being 
tampered with.
Furthermore, the audit trail has been preserved by the company and its subsidiaries as per the statutory 
requirements of record retention where the audit trial feature has been enabled.

--- page 148 ---
Annual Report -2026              
147
2.   With respect to the matters specified in paragraphs 3(xxi) and 4 of the Companies (Auditor’s Report) 
Order, 2020 (the “Order”/”CARO”) issued by the Central Government of India in terms of sub-section 
(11) of Section 143 of the Act, to be included in the Auditor’s report, according to the information and 
explanations given to us, and based on the CARO reports issued by us for the Holding Company and its 
subsidiaries included in the Consolidated financial statements of the Company, to which reporting under 
CARO is applicable, we report that there are no qualifications or adverse remarks in these CARO reports.
For NSVR &ASSOCIATES LLP .,
Chartered Accountants
Firm Registration No: 008801S/S200060
Venkata Ratnam Pichikala
Partner
M.no:230675
UDIN: 26230675ZNWFNZ2622
Date: May 27, 2026
Place: Hyderabad.  

--- page 149 ---
Annual Report -2026              
148
ANNEXURE “A” TO THE INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT
(Referred to in paragraph 2(f) under ‘Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements’ section of our report 
to the Members of KAPSTON SERVICES LIMITED.
Report on the Internal Financial Controls Over Financial Reporting under Clause(i) of Sub-section 3 of Section 
143 of the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”)
Opinion
We have audited the internal financial controls with reference to Consolidated financial statements of KAPSTON 
SERVICES LIMITED (“hereinafter referred to as “the Holding Company”) and its subsidiary companies which 
are companies incorporated in India, as of 31 March 2026 in conjunction with our audit of the consolidated 
financial statements of the Holding Company for the year ended on that date.
In our opinion, to the best of our information and according to the explanations given to us, the Holding 
Company and its Subsidiary Companies have in all material respects, an adequate internal financial controls 
system over financial reporting and such internal financial controls over financial reporting were operating 
effectively as at 31 March 2026, based on the internal control over financial reporting criteria established by 
the Company considering the essential components of internal control stated in the Guidance Note on Audit of 
Internal Financial Controls Over Financial Reporting issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India.
Management’s Responsibility for Internal Financial Controls
The respective Board of Directors of the Holding Company and its subsidiary companies are responsible for 
establishing and maintaining internal financial controls based on the internal control over financial reporting 
criteria established by the respective Companies considering the essential components of internal control 
stated in the Guidance Note on Audit of Internal Financial Controls Over Financial Reporting (the “Guidance 
Note”) issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India (the “ICAI’’). These responsibilities include the 
design, implementation and maintenance of adequate internal financial controls that were operating effectively 
for ensuring the orderly and efficient conduct of its business, including adherence to respective Company’s 
policies, the safeguarding of its assets, the prevention and detection of frauds and errors, the accuracy and 
completeness of the accounting records, and the timely preparation of reliable financial information, as required 
under the Act.
Auditor’s Responsibility
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the internal financial controls over financial reporting of the 
Company based on our audit. We conducted our audit in accordance with the Guidance Note on Audit of 
Internal Financial Controls Over Financial Reporting (the “Guidance Note”) issued by the Institute of Chartered 
Accountants of India and the Standards on Auditing prescribed underSection143(10) of the Companies 
Act,2013, to the extent applicable to an audit of internal financial controls. Those Standards and the Guidance 
Note require that we comply with ethical requirements and plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable 
assurance about whether adequate internal financial controls over financial reporting was established and 
maintained and if such controls operated effectively in all material respects.
Our audit involves performing procedures to obtain audit evidence about the adequacy of the internal financial 
controls system over financial reporting and their operating effectiveness. Our audit of internal financial 
controls over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal financial controls over 
financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design 
and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. The procedures selected depend 
on the auditor’s judgment, including the assessment of the risks of material misstatement of the Consolidated 
financial statements, whether due to fraud or error.
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our 
audit opinion on the internal financial controls system over financial reporting of the Consolidated financial 
statements.
Meaning of internal financial Controls over Financial reporting
A company’s internal financial control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable 
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statement for external 
purpose in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.  A company’s internal financial controls 
over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that. 

--- page 150 ---
Annual Report -2026              
149
(1) Pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions 
and dispositions of the assets of the company. 
(2) Provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of 
financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and 
expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and 
directors of the company; and
(3) Provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, 
or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.
Limitations of Internal Financial Controls Over Financial Reporting
Because of the inherent limitations of internal financial controls over financial reporting, including the possibility 
of collusion or improper management override of controls, material misstatements due to error or fraud may 
occur and not be detected. Also, projections of any evaluation of the internal financial controls over financial 
reporting to future periods are subject to the risk that the internal financial control over financial reporting may 
become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or 
procedures may deteriorate.
For NSVR &ASSOCIATES LLP .,
Chartered Accountants
Firm Registration No: 008801S/S200060
Venkata Ratnam Pichikala
Partner
M.no:230675
UDIN: 26230675ZNWFNZ2622
Date: May 27, 2026
Place: Hyderabad. 

--- page 151 ---
Annual Report -2026              
150
Kapston Services Limited
CIN:L15400TG2009PLC062658    
Consolidated Statement of Assets and Liabilities as at 31.03.2026    
(All amount are in Indian Rupees in Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)    
S.No Particulars Note No. "As at  
31.03.2026"
"As at  
31.03.2025"
I ASSETS
(1)  Non-current assets
(a) Property plant and Equipment 2    4,219.82  4,082.78 
(b) Capital work  in Progress  -   
(c) Right of Use Asset 3    820.81  748.78 
(d) Intangible Assets Under Development 4    226.29  -   
(e) Intangible Assets 5    6.92  -   
(d) Investment Property 6    1,138.29  1,138.29 
(e) Financial assets
  (i) Investments  -    -   
  (ii) Loans  -    -   
   (iii) Other Financial assets 7    256.58  256.66 
(f) other Non current asset  -    -   
(g) Deferred Tax Assets ( Net) 8    1,608.64  1,265.58 
Total Non current Assets 8,277.33 7,492.09
(2) Current assets
(a) Inventories 9   524.41 468.02
(b) Financial assets
(i) Trade  receivables 10   20,249.92 16,403.03
(ii) Cash and cash equivalent 11   281.22 71.03
(iii) Bank Balance other than (ii) above 12   1,235.99 864.53
(iv)Other financial assets 13   1,593.26 1,542.26
(c) Other current assets 14   2,730.32 3,027.83
Total Current Assets 26,615.13 22,376.70
Total Assets 34,892.46 29,868.79
II EQUITY AND LIABILITIES
EQUITY
(a) Equity Share Capital 15   1,521.61 1,014.41
(b) Other Equity 16   10,113.45 7,873.41
Total Equity 11,634.86 8,887.82
NON CONTROLING INTERESTS 16a (0.20)
LIABILITIES
(1)  Non-current liabilities
(a) Financial  Liabilities
(i)   Borrowings 17   3,114.06 3,410.53
(ii)  Lease Liabilities 18   658.83 635.72
(iii)  Other Financial Liabilities  -    -   
(b) Provisions 19   857.64 471.72
Total Non current Liabilities 4,630.53 4,517.97

--- page 152 ---
Annual Report -2026              
151
(2)  Current liabilities
(a) Financial  Liabilities
i)    Borrowings 20   14,410.50 12,697.82
ii)  Lease Liabilities 21    231.50  143.75 
iii)   Trade payables
a) Total outstanding due of Micro enterprises 
and small enterprises
22    81.24  26.01 
b) Total Outstanding dues of Creditors other 
than Micro enterprises and small enterprises
22    205.01  176.37 
iv)   Other financial liabilities 23    918.74  1,216.17 
(b) Other current liabilities 24    2,207.49  1,915.95 
(c) Provisions 25    572.60  286.93 
Total Current Liabilites 18,627.07 16,46 3.00
Total Equity and Liabilities 34,892.46 29,868.79
Summary of Material accounting Policy information 1   
The accompanying notes form an integral part of the consolidated financial statements Note 1 to 49  
  
    
 As per our report attached of even date     
    
For NSVR AND ASSOCIATES LLP                                                For and on behalf of the Board of directors of
Chartered Accountants                                                                        KAPSTON SERVICES LIMITED   
Firm Registration No: 008801S/S200060     
    
Venkata Ratnam Pichikala Srikanth Kodali Kanti Kiran Doddapaneni   
Partner Managing  Director Director    
M No:230675 DIN:02464623 DIN:07420023     
UDIN: 26230675ZNWFNZ2622  
   
 Kapil Sood K.Ramesha    
 Chief Financial Officer  Company Secretary    
  M.No: A64963    
 
Date: May 27, 2026    
Place:Hyderabad

--- page 153 ---
Annual Report -2026              
152
KAPSTON SERVICES LIMITED
CIN:L15400TG2009PLC062658  
NO.287, MIG-2, IX PHASE, KPHB, KUKATPALLY, HYDERABAD - 500072
  
Statement of Consolidated Profit and Loss account for the Year Ended 31.03.2026 
 
All amount are in Lakhs unless otherwise specified
Particulars Note No  For the Year 
Ended 31.03.2026 
 For the  Year 
Ended 31.03.2025 
Income
Revenue from operations 26 83,020.04 68,943.16
Other income 27 169.06 80.01
Total Income  83,189.10  69,023.18 
Expenses
Cost of materials consumed 28 744.02 765.11
Changes in inventories of finished goods work-in-
progress and Stock-in-Trade
29  (34.27) 0.00
Employee benefits expense 30 76,641.36 63,951.42
Finance costs 31 1422.23 1221.58
Depreciation and amortization expense 32 388.83 449.47
Other expenses 33 1292.17 1131.64
Total Expenses  80,454.35  67,519.22 
Profit before tax and exceptional items 2734.75 1503.95
Exceptional items
Profit before tax 2,734.75 1,503.95
Tax expense
(1) Current tax  242.39  0.21 
(2) Deferred tax  (320.81)  (279.90)
Net Profit for the Period 2813.17 1783.65
Other comprehensive income (OCI)
(a) (i) Items that will not be reclassified to profit or 
loss
 (88.39)  (71.39)
(ii) Tax on items that will not be reclassified to 
profit or loss
 22.25  17.97 
(b) (i) Items that will be reclassified to profit or loss  -   
     (ii) Income tax relating to items that will be 
reclassified to profit or loss 
 -   
Total Other Comprehensive income  (66.14)  (53.42)
Total Comprehensive income 2,747.02 1,730.23
Attributable to 
            Equity holders of the parent 2,747.25 1,730.23
            Non controlling interests (0.23)
Earnings per share `
Basic earnings per share of Rs.5/-each  9.24  5.86 
Diluted earnings per share of Rs.5/- each  9.24  5.86 
Weighted average equity shares used in 
Computing Earnings per Equity shares
Basic 3,04,32,183 3,04,32,183
Diluted 3,04,32,183 3,04,32,183

--- page 154 ---
Annual Report -2026              
153
Summary of Material accounting Policy information 1  
The accompanying notes form an integral part of the Standalone financial statements Note 1 to 49  
 
For NSVR AND ASSOCIATES LLP                                                For and on behalf of the Board of directors of
Chartered Accountants                                                                        KAPSTON SERVICES LIMITED   
Firm Registration No: 008801S/S200060     
    
Venkata Ratnam Pichikala Srikanth Kodali Kanti Kiran Doddapaneni   
Partner Managing  Director Director    
M No:230675 DIN:02464623 DIN:07420023     
UDIN: 26230675ZNWFNZ2622  
   
 Kapil Sood K.Ramesha    
 Chief Financial Officer  Company Secretary    
  M.No: A64963    
Date: May 27, 2026    
Place:Hyderabad

--- page 155 ---
Annual Report -2026              
154
Kapston Services Limited 
CIN:L15400TG2009PLC062658  
Consolidated Statement of cash flow for the year Ended 31.03.2026  
(All amount are in Indian Rupees in Lakhs, unless otherwise stated) 
 Particulars For the Year Ended 
31.03.2026
For the Year Ended 
31.03.2025
 A. CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 
 Net profit before tax  2,734.75  1,503.95 
 Adjusted for : 
 Interest debited to P&L A/c  1,349.62  1,168.97 
 Interest on Lease Liabilities  72.61  52.61 
 Gain on termination of Lease  (5.85)  (4.30)
 Gratuity Provision  377.46  246.08 
 Profit on Sale Fixed Assets  (1.85)  (3.45)
 Depreciation  388.83  449.47 
 Expected credit loss  46.64  31.51 
 Operating profits before working capital changes  4,962.21  3,444.85 
 Changes in Working capital 
 Increase/(Decrease) in Inventories  (56.39)  36.32 
 Increase/(Decrease) in Trade Receivables  (3,893.53)  (3,757.18)
 Increase/(Decrease) in Other current financial Assets  (51.00)  258.64 
 Increase/(Decrease) in Other Non current financial Assets  0.09  (93.91)
 Increase/(Decrease) in Other current Assets  907.30  (231.82)
 Increase/(Decrease) in Trade Payables  83.87  (5.91)
 Increase/(Decrease) in Other  Financial Liabilities  (331.63)  47.47 
 Increase/(Decrease) in Other Current  Liabilities  291.54  472.19 
 Increase/(Decrease) in Long term and short term provisions  (36.66)  (59.30)
 Increase/(Decrease) in Other Bank Balances  (371.47)  (227.81)
 Cash Utilised in operations  1,504.33  (116.47)
Income tax paid  (609.80)  (716.87)
 Net cash Utilised in operating activities  894.53  (833.33)
 B. CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 
 Purchase of Property,Plant and Equipment  (331.73)  (3,909.60)
 Purchase of Intangible Assets Under Development  (226.29)  -   
 Proceeds from Sale of Property, Plant and Equipment  2.50  10.00 
 Purchase of Intangible Assets   (6.92)  -   
 Net cash Utilised in investing activities  (562.44)  (3,899.60)
 C. CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 
 Proceeds/(Repayment) of Long Term Borrowings  (296.47)  3,050.06 
 Proceeds/(Repayment) of short Term Borrowings   1,712.68  3,042.26 
 Interest paid  (1,315.42)  (1,132.64)
 Repayment of Lease Liabilities ( Including interest)  (222.70)  (211.16)
 Net cash generated from  financing activities  (121.92)  4,748.52 
 D. Net increase / (decrease)  in cash and cash   
equivalents 
 210.18  15.59 
 E.  Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year   71.04  55.45 
 F.  Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year   281.22  71.04 

--- page 156 ---
Annual Report -2026              
155
Notes:  
1) Cash and Cash equivalents includes the following for cash flow statements:
 Particulars For the Year Ended 
31.03.2026
For the Year Ended 
31.03.2025
     Cash on hand  16.36  27.52 
Current accounts  264.86  43.51 
Total  281.22  71.04 
a)  The above cash flow statements has been prepared under the “”Indirect Method””as set out in the Indian 
Accounting standard (INDAS -7) Statement of cash flows. 
 
For NSVR AND ASSOCIATES LLP                                                For and on behalf of the Board of directors of
Chartered Accountants                                                                        KAPSTON SERVICES LIMITED   
Firm Registration No: 008801S/S200060     
    
Venkata Ratnam Pichikala Srikanth Kodali Kanti Kiran Doddapaneni   
Partner Managing  Director Director    
M No:230675 DIN:02464623 DIN:07420023     
UDIN: 26230675ZNWFNZ2622  
   
 Kapil Sood K.Ramesha    
 Chief Financial Officer  Company Secretary    
  M.No: A64963    
Date: May 27, 2026    
Place: Hyderabad

--- page 157 ---
Annual Report -2026              
156
(Amount in Indian rupees lakh, except share data and where otherwise stated)
Statement of changes in Equity 
(A) Share capital   
Statement of changes in Equity for the year ended 31 March 2026:
Equity share capital
"Opening 
Balance as at  
01 April 2025"
Changes in Equity 
share capital 
during the year
Closing 
Balance as at 
31 March 2026
2,02,88,122 Equity Shares of Rs.5 each,  
fully paid up
1,014.41 - 1,014.41
1,01,44,061 Equity Shares of Rs.5 each,  
fully paid up*
507.20 507.20
Total  1,014.41  507.20    1,521.61 
*Note:    
(i) During the year on February 28, 2026, the shareholders of the company has approved for bonus issue of 
one equity share of the face value of Rs 5 for every two shares held of face value of Rs.5 Each 
 
(ii)  Consequently the total number of equity shares increased from 2,02,88,122 to 3,04,32,183.  
 
   
Statement of changes in Equity for the year ended 31 March 2025:  
Equity share capital
"Opening 
Balance as at  
01 April 2024"
Changes in Equity 
share capital 
during the year
Closing 
Balance as at 
31 March 2025
2,02,88,122 Equity Shares of Rs.5 each,  
fully paid up**
1,014.41  - 1,014.41
Total 1,014.41  -    1,014.41 
**Note:      
(i) During the year on July 03, 2024, the shareholders of the company has approved for subdivision of one 
equity share of the face value of Rs 10 in two equity shares of face value of Rs 5 each.     
 
(ii)  Consequently the total number of equity shares increased from 1,01,44,061 to 2,02,88,122 without change 
in the paid up share capital.
Particulars
Securities 
Premium 
Reserve
Retained 
Earnings
Actuarial gain/
Loss on account 
of Defined 
benefit plans
TOTAL
Balance as at 31 March 2025 755.81 7,055.90 61.70 7,873.41
Profit for the Period  -    2,813.39  -   2,813.39
Issue of Bonus Shares Against the Retained 
Earnings
 (507.20)  (507.20)
Actuarial gain/(loss) on post-employment 
benefit obligations, net of tax benefit 
 -    -    (66.14)  (66.14)
Balance as at 31 March 2026 755.81 9,362.09  (4.44) 10,113.45

--- page 158 ---
Annual Report -2026              
157
1. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
DESCRIPTION OF THE COMPANY AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES
1.1 Corporate information
 The Consolidated financial statements (CFS) Comprise financial statements of KAPSTON SERVICES LIMITED 
(“the Holding company”) and its Subsidiaries (Collectively, the Group) for the Year Ended 31 March 2026.
 The Holding company is a Public limited company incorporated and domiciled in India having corporate 
office at Plot No.287, MIG- 2, IX Phase KPHB, Kukatpally, Hyderabad, Telangana, India -500072
 The group is Principally engaged in the business of rendering security and related services, training and 
facility management, housekeeping and cleaning services and IT staffing services. 
 The Consolidated financial statements for the year Ended 31 March 2026, were approved by the Board of 
Directors and Authorised for issue on 27 May 2026.
 Material accounting policies
 This note provides a list of material accounting policies adopted in the preparation of these Consolidated 
financial statements.
1.2  Basis of preparation and presentation of Financial Statements
 The Consolidated financial statements of Kapston Services Limited have been prepared and presented 
in accordance with and in compliance in all material aspects, with the Indian Accounting Standards (“Ind 
AS”) notified under Section 133 of the Companies Act, 2013 (the “Act”) read along with the Companies 
(Indian Accounting Standards) Rules 2015, and presentation requirements of Division II of Schedule III to 
the Companies Act, 2013, and as amended from time to time together with the comparative period data 
as at and for the year ended 31 March 2025.
 These Consolidated financial statements have been prepared by the Company as a going concern on the 
basis of relevant Ind AS that are effective at the Company’s annual reporting date, 31 March 2026. These 
Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 March 2026 were approved by the Company’s 
Board of Directors on 27 May 2026.
 The consolidated financial statements comprise the financial statements of the company and its 
subsidiaries as at 31 March 2026. Control is achieved when the Group is exposed or has rights to variable 
returns from its involvement in the Investee and has the ability to affect the returns through its power over 
investee.
 Specifically, the Group controls an investee if and only if the Group has: 
a)  Power over the investee (i.e, existing rights that give its, the current ability to direct the relevant 
activities of the investee); 
 b)  Exposure, or rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the investee; and 
 c)  The ability to use its power over the investee to affect its returns.
 Generally, there is a presumption that a majority of voting rights result in control. 
 To support this presumption and when the Group has less than a majority of the voting or similar rights 
of an investee, the Group considers all relevant facts and circumstances in assessing whether it has power 
over an investee, including: 
a)  The contractual arrangement with the other vote holders of the investee; 
b)  Rights arising from other contractual arrangements;  
c)  The Group’s voting rights and potential voting rights; 
d)  The size of the group’s holding of voting rights relative to the size and dispersion of the holdings of 
the other voting rights holders.

--- page 159 ---
Annual Report -2026              
158
 The Group re-assesses whether or not it controls an investee if facts and circumstances indicate that 
there are changes to one or more of the three elements of control. Consolidation of a subsidiary begins 
when the Group obtains control over the subsidiary and ceases when the Group loses control of the 
subsidiary. Assets, liabilities, income and expenses of a subsidiary acquired or disposed of during the year 
are included in the consolidated financial statements from the date the Group gains control until the date 
the Group ceases to control the subsidiary. 
 Consolidated financial statements are prepared using uniform accounting policies for like transactions 
and other events in similar circumstances. If a member of the Group uses accounting policies other 
than those adopted in the consolidated financial statements for like transactions and events in similar 
circumstances, appropriate adjustments are made to that Group member’s financial statements in 
preparing the consolidated financial statements to ensure conformity with the Group’s accounting 
policies.
 The financial statements of all entities used for the purpose of consolidation are drawn up to same 
reporting date as that of the parent Company, i.e.,31 March 2026. When the end of the reporting period 
of the parent is different from that of a subsidiary, the subsidiary prepares, for consolidation purposes, 
additional financial information as of the same date as the financial statements of the parent to enable 
the parent to consolidate the financial information of the subsidiary, unless it is impracticable to do so.
 Consolidation procedure
a) Combine like items of assets, liabilities, equity, income, expenses and cash flows of the parent with 
those of its subsidiaries. For this purpose, income and expenses of the subsidiary are based on 
the amounts of the assets and liabilities recognised in the consolidated financial statements at the 
acquisition date.
b) Offset (eliminate) the carrying amount of the holding Company’s investment in each subsidiary and 
the holding Company’s portion of equity of each subsidiary. Business combinations policy explains 
how to account for any related goodwill.
c) Eliminate in full intragroup assets and liabilities, equity, income, expenses and cash flows relating to 
transactions between entities of the group (profits or losses resulting from intragroup transactions 
that are recognised in assets, such as inventory and fixed assets, are eliminated in full). Intragroup 
losses may indicate an impairment that requires recognition in the consolidated financial statements. 
Ind AS 12 Income Taxes applies to temporary differences that arise from the elimination of profits 
and losses resulting from intragroup transactions.
 Profit or loss and each component of other comprehensive income (OCI) are attributed to the equity 
holders of the Holding Company of the Group and to the non-controlling interests, even if this results in the 
non-controlling interests having a deficit balance. When necessary, adjustments are made to the financial 
statements of subsidiaries to bring their accounting policies into line with the Group’s accounting policies. 
All intra-group assets and liabilities, equity, income, expenses and cash flows relating to transactions 
between members of the Group are eliminated in full on consolidation
A change in the ownership interest of a subsidiary, without a loss of control, is accounted for as an equity 
transaction. If the Group loses control over a subsidiary, it: 
a) Derecognises the assets (including goodwill) and liabilities of the subsidiary at their carrying 
amounts at the date when control is lost; 
b) Derecognises the carrying amount of any non-controlling interests; 
c) Derecognises the cumulative translation differences recorded in equity; 
d) Recognises the fair value of the consideration received; 
e) Recognises the fair value of any investment retained; 
f) Recognises any surplus or deficit in profit or loss;
g) Recognise that distribution of shares of subsidiary to Group in Group’s capacity as owners;
h) Reclassifies the holding Company’s share of components previously recognised in OCI to profit or 
loss or transferred directly to retained earnings, if required by other Ind ASs as would be required if 
the Group had directly disposed of the related assets or liabilities.

--- page 160 ---
Annual Report -2026              
159
Non-controlling interest
Non-controlling interests in the net assets (excluding goodwill) of consolidated subsidiaries are identified 
separately from the holding Company equity. The interest of non-controlling shareholders may be initially 
measured either at fair value or at the non controlling interest’s proportionate share of the fair value 
of the acquiree’s identifiable net assets. The choice of measurement basis is made on an acquisition to 
acquisition basis. Subsequent to acquisition, the carrying amount of non-controlling interest is the amount 
of those interests at initial recognition plus the non-controlling interest’s share of subsequent changes in 
equity. Total comprehensive income is attributed to non-controlling interests even if it results in the non-
controlling interest having a deficit balance.
1.3 Basis of Measurement
 These Consolidated  financial statements have been prepared on the historical cost convention and on an 
accrual basis, except for the following material items in the balance sheet:
a.  Certain financial assets are measured either at fair value or at amortized cost depending on the 
classification;
b.  Employee defined benefit assets/(liability) are recognized as the net total of the fair value of 
plan assets, plus actuarial losses, less actuarial gains and the present value of the defined benefit 
obligation and 
c.  Long-term borrowings are measured at amortized cost using the effective interest rate method.
d.  Right of use assets are recognized at the present value of lease payments that are not paid at that 
date. This amount is adjusted for any lease payments made at or before the commencement date, 
lease incentives received and initial direct costs, incurred if any.
1.4  Functional and presentation currency
 These Consolidated financial statements are presented in Indian Rupees (INR), which is also the Holding 
Company’s functional currency. All financial information presented in Indian rupees have been rounded-
off to two decimal places to the nearest lakhs except share data or as otherwise stated.
1.5   Use of estimates and judgments.
 In preparing these Consolidated financial statements, management has made judgements, estimates 
and assumptions that affect the application of accounting policies and the reported amounts of assets, 
liabilities, income and expenses. Actual results may differ from those estimates.
 Estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting 
estimates are recognised prospectively.
 Judgements
 Information about judgements made in applying accounting policies that have the most significant 
effects on the amounts recognised in the financial statements is included in the following notes:
 - Note 1.19- lease classification.
 - Note 1.19 - leases: whether an arrangement contains a lease and lease classification
 Assumptions and estimation uncertainties
 Information about assumptions and estimation uncertainties that have a significant risk of resulting in a 
material adjustment within the next financial year are included in the following notes:
 - Note 39 – measurement of defined benefit obligations: key actuarial assumptions;
 - Note 1.10 - determining an asset’s expected useful life and the expected residual value at the end of its 
life
 - Note 8- Recoverability/Recognition of deferred tax assets

--- page 161 ---
Annual Report -2026              
160
1.6  Measurement of fair values
 Accounting polices and disclosures require measurement of fair value for both financial and non-financial 
assets.
 Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly 
transaction between market participants at the measurement date.  The fair value measurement is based 
on the presumption that the transaction to sell the asset or transfer the liability takes place either:
 - In the principal market for the asset or liability or 
 - In the absence of a principal market, in the most advantageous market for the asset or liability
 The principal or the most advantageous market must be accessible by the Group.  The fair value of an 
asset or a liability is measured using the assumptions that market participants would use when pricing 
the asset or liability, assuming that market participants act in their economic best interest.
 A fair value measurement of a non-financial asset takes into account a market participant’s ability to 
generate economic benefits by using the asset in its highest and best use or by selling it to another 
market participant that would use the asset in its highest and best use.
 The Group uses valuation techniques that are appropriate in the circumstances and for which sufficient 
data is available to measure fair value, maximising the use of relevant observable inputs and minimising 
the use of unobservable inputs
Fair values are categorised into different levels in a fair value hierarchy based on the inputs used in the 
valuation techniques as follows.
Level 1: quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.
Level 2: inputs other than quoted prices included in Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, 
either directly (i.e. as prices) or indirectly (i.e. derived from prices).
Level 3: inputs for the asset or liability that are not based on observable market data (unobservable 
inputs).
When measuring the fair value of an asset or a liability, the group uses observable market data as far as 
possible. If the inputs used to measure the fair value of an asset or a liability fall into different levels of the 
fair value hierarchy, then the fair value measurement is categorised in its entirety in the same level of the 
fair value hierarchy as the lowest level input that is significant to the entire measurement.
The group recognizes transfers between levels of the fair value hierarchy at the end of the reporting 
period during which the change has occurred.
Further information about the assumptions made in the measuring fair values is included in the 
following notes:
- Note 42  - Financial instruments
1.7   Current and non-current classification
 ‘The Schedule III to the Act requires assets and liabilities to be classified as either current or non-current. 
The group presents assets and liabilities in the balance sheet based on current/ non-current classification.
 Assets: An asset is classified as current when it satisfies any of the following criteria:
a. It is expected to be realized in, or is intended for sale or consumption in, the  normal operating cycle;
b. It is held primarily for the purpose of being traded;
c. It is expected to be realized within twelve months after the reporting date; or
d. It is cash or cash equivalent unless it is restricted from being exchanged or used to settle a liability 
for at least twelve months after the reporting date.

--- page 162 ---
Annual Report -2026              
161
 All other assets are classified as non-current. 
 Liabilities: A liability is classified as current when it satisfies any of the following criteria:
a. It is expected to be settled in the  normal operating cycle;
b. It is held primarily for the purpose of being traded;
c. It is due to be settled within twelve months after the reporting date; or
d. There is no unconditional right to defer settlement of liability for atleast twelve months from the 
reporting date.
 All other liabilities are classified as non-current. ‘Deferred tax assets/liabilities are classified as non-current.
1.8  Operating Cycle
 Operating cycle is the time between the acquisition of assets for processing and realisation in cash or 
cash equivalents.  The group has ascertained its operating cycle as 12 months for the purpose of current 
or non-current classification of assets and liabilities
1.9  Foreign Currency Transaction
 Transactions in foreign currencies are translated to the respective functional currencies of entities within the 
Company at exchange rates at the dates of the transactions. Monetary assets and liabilities denominated 
in foreign currencies at the reporting date are translated into the functional currency at the exchange 
rate at that date. Exchange differences arising on the settlement of monetary items or on translating 
monetary items at rates different from those at which they were translated on initial recognition during 
the period or in previous financial statements are recognized in the statement of profit and loss in the 
period in which they arise.
 Non-monetary assets and liabilities denominated in a foreign currency and measured at historical cost 
are translated at the exchange rate prevalent at the date of transaction, if any.
 
1.10 Property Plant & Equipment
 Recognition and measurement
 Freehold land is carried at historical cost. All other items of property, plant and equipment are measured 
at cost less accumulated depreciation and impairment losses, if any. Cost comprises the purchase price, 
asset retirement obligation and costs directly attributable towards bringing the asset to its working 
condition for its intended use. Any trade discounts and rebates are deducted in arriving at the purchase 
price. General and specific borrowing costs directly attributable to the construction of a qualifying asset 
are capitalized as part of the cost. 
 Subsequent expenditure related to an item of property, plant and equipment is added to its carrying value 
only when it increases the future benefits from the existing asset beyond its previously assessed standard 
or period of performance. All other expenses on existing property, plant and equipment, including day-
to-day repairs, maintenance expenditure and cost of replacing parts, are charged to the statement of 
profit and loss in the year during which such expenses are incurred.
 Depreciation:
 Depreciation is recognized in the statement of profit and loss on over the estimated useful lives using the 
written down value method from the date, the assets are available for use.
Category Useful Life
Mobiles 5 Years
Office Equipment 5 Years
Computers 3 Years
Furniture and Fixtures 10 Years
Vehicles 8 Years
Plant and Machinery 5 Years
Livestock 8 Years
Lease Hold Improvement 5 Years or useful life of 
asset whichever is lower

--- page 163 ---
Annual Report -2026              
162
1.11 Intangible assets
 Intangible assets that are acquired by the group and that have finite useful lives are measured at cost 
less accumulated amortization and accumulated impairment losses.
 Amortization
 Amortization is recognized in the statement of profit and loss on a written down value basis over the 
estimated useful lives of intangible assets Intangible assets that are not available for use are amortized 
from the date they are available for use. 
1.12 Financial Instruments
 A financial instrument is any contract that gives rise to a financial asset of one entity and a financial 
liability or equity instrument of another entity.
a.  Financial assets 
 Initial recognition and measurement
 All financial assets are recognised initially at fair value plus, in the case of financial assets not 
recorded at fair value through profit or loss, transaction costs that are attributable to the acquisition 
of the financial asset. Purchases or sales of financial assets that require delivery of assets within a 
time frame established by regulation or convention in the market place (regular way trades) are 
recognised on the trade date, i.e., the date that the Group commits to purchase or sell the asset.
 Subsequent measurement
 For the Purpose of Subsequent measurement, financial assets are classified in four categories.
• Debt Instrument at amortized cost
• Debt Instrument at FVTOCI
• Debt instruments, Derivatives and Equity instruments at FVTPL and
• Equity Instruments measured at FVTOCI.
 Debt instruments at amortised cost
 A “debt instrument” is measured at the amortised cost if both the following conditions are met: 
a) the asset is held within a business model whose objective is to hold assets for collecting contractual 
cash flows; and
b) contractual terms of the asset give rise on specifi ed dates to cash flows that are solely payments of 
principal and interest (“SPPI”) on the principal amount outstanding.
 
 After initial measurement, such financial assets are subsequently measured at amortised cost using the 
effective interest rate method and are subject to impairment. Amortised cost is calculated by taking 
into account any discount or premium on acquisition and fees or costs that are an integral part of 
the eff ective interest rate. Interest income from these financial assets is included in finance income 
using the effective interest rate method. Any gain or loss arising on derecognition is recognised directly 
in statement of profit and loss and presented in other income. The losses arising from impairment 
are recognised in the statement of profit and loss. This category generally applies to trade and other 
receivables
 Debt instrument at FVTOCI 
 A “debt instrument” is classified as at the FVTOCI if both of the following criteria are met: 
a) the objective of the business model is achieved both by collecting contractual cash flows and selling 
the financial assets; and 
b)  the asset’s contractual cash flows represent SPPI.
 Debt instruments included within the FVTOCI category are measured initially as well as at each reporting 
date at fair value. Fair value movements are recognised in the OCI. However, the group recognises 
interest income, impairment losses and reversals and foreign exchange gain or loss in the statement of 
profit and loss. On derecognition of the asset, cumulative gain or loss previously recognised in OCI is 
reclassified to the statement of profit and loss. Interest earned while holding a FVTOCI debt instrument 
is reported as interest income using the effective interest rate method.

--- page 164 ---
Annual Report -2026              
163
 Debt instrument at FVTPL 
 FVTPL is a residual category for debt instruments. Any debt instrument, which does not meet the criteria 
for categorisation as at amortised cost or as FVTOCI, is classified as at FVTPL. In addition, the Company 
may elect to designate a debt instrument, which otherwise meets amortised cost or FVTOCI criteria, as 
at FVTPL. However, such election is allowed only if doing so reduces or eliminates a measurement or 
recognition inconsistency (referred to as an “accounting mismatch”).
 Debt instruments included within the FVTPL category are measured at fair value with all changes 
recognised in the statement of profit and loss.
 Equity investments
 All equity investments within the scope of Ind AS 109 are measured at fair value. Equity instruments which 
are held for trading and contingent consideration recognised by an acquirer in a business combination 
to which Ind AS 103 applies are classified as at FVTPL. For all other equity instruments, the Company may 
make an irrevocable election to present in OCI subsequent changes in the fair value. The Company makes 
such election on an instrument-by-instrument basis. The classification is made upon initial recognition 
and is irrevocable. If the Company decides to classify an equity instrument as at FVTOCI, then all fair 
value changes on the instrument, excluding dividends, are recognised in the OCI. There is no recycling 
of the amounts from OCI to the statement of profi t and loss, even on sale of investment. However, on 
sale the Group may transfer the cumulative gain or loss within equity. Equity investments designated 
as FVTOCI are not subject to impairment assessment. Equity instruments included within the FVTPL 
category are measured at fair value with all changes recognised in the statement of profit and loss.
 Derecognition
 A financial asset (or, where applicable, a part of a financial asset or part of a group of similar financial 
assets) is primarily derecognised (i.e., removed from the Company’s balance sheet) when:
(i)   The rights to receive cash flows from the asset have expired, or
(ii)   The group has transferred its rights to receive cash flows from the asset or has assumed an obligation 
to pay the received cash flows in full without material delay to a third party under a ‘pass-through’ 
arrangementfi and either (a) the group has transferred substantially all the risks and rewards of the 
asset, or (b) the group  has neither transferred nor retained substantially all the risks and rewards of 
the asset, but has transferred control of the asset.
 When the group has transferred its rights to receive cash flows from an asset or has entered into a 
pass-through arrangement, it evaluates if and to what extent it has retained the risks and rewards of 
ownership. When it has neither transferred nor retained substantially all of the risks and rewards of the 
asset, nor transferred control of the asset, the group continues to recognise the transferred asset to 
the extent of the Group’s continuing involvement. In that case, the group also recognises an associated 
liability. The transferred asset and the associated liability are measured on a basis that reflects the rights 
and obligations that the Company has retained.
 b.  Financial liabilities
 Initial recognition and measurement
 Financial liabilities are classified, at initial recognition, as financial liabilities at fair value through profit or 
loss, loans and borrowings, payables, or as derivatives designated as hedging instruments in an effective 
hedge, as appropriate. 
 All financial liabilities are recognised initially at fair value and, in the case of loans and borrowings and 
payables, net of directly attributable transaction costs.
 The Company’s financial liabilities include trade and other payables, loans and borrowings including 
bank overdrafts, financial guarantee contracts.
 Subsequent measurement
 The measurement of financial liabilities depends on their classification, as described below

--- page 165 ---
Annual Report -2026              
164
 Financial Liabilities at Fair value through Profit and Loss 
 Financial liabilities at FVTPL include financial liabilities held for trading and financial liabilities designated 
upon initial recognition as at FVTPL. Financial liabilities are classified as held for trading if they are 
incurred for the purpose of repurchasing in the near term. This category also includes derivative financial 
instruments entered into by the Company that are not designated as hedging instruments in hedge 
relationships as defined by Ind AS 109. Separated embedded derivatives are also classified as held for 
trading unless they are designated as effective hedging instruments. 
 Gains or losses on liabilities held for trading are recognised in the statement of profit and loss.
 Financial liabilities designated upon initial recognition at FVTPL are designated as such at the initial date 
of recognition, and only if the criteria in Ind AS 109 are satisfied. For liabilities designated as FVTPL, 
fair value gains or losses attributable to changes in own credit risk are recognised in OCI. These gains 
or losses are not subsequently transferred to the statement of profit and loss. However, the Company 
may transfer the cumulative gain or loss within equity. All other changes in fair value of such liability are 
recognised in the statement of profit and loss. The Company has not designated any fi nancial liability 
as FVTPL.
 Loans and borrowings
 Borrowings are initially recognised at fair value, net of transaction costs incurred. Borrowings are 
subsequently measured at amortised cost. Any difference between the proceeds (net of transaction 
costs) and the redemption amount is recognised in the statement of profit and loss over the period of 
the borrowings using the effective interest method.
 Subsequent measurement
 After initial recognition, interest-bearing loans and borrowings are subsequently measured at amortised 
cost using the EIR method. Gains and losses are recognised in profit or loss when the liabilities are 
derecognised as well as through the EIR amortisation process.
 Amortised cost is calculated by taking into account any discount or premium on acquisition and fees 
or costs that are an integral part of the EIR. The EIR amortisation is included as finance costs in the 
statement of profit and loss. 
 Derecognition
 A financial liability is derecognised when the obligation under the liability is discharged or cancelled or 
expires. When an existing financial liability is replaced by another from the same lender on substantially 
different terms, or the terms of an existing liability are substantially modified, such an exchange or 
modification is treated as the derecognition of the original liability and the recognition of a new liability. 
The difference in the respective carrying amounts is recognised in the statement of profit and loss.
 Offsetting:
 Financial assets and financial liabilities are offset and the net amount reported in the balance sheet if 
there is a currently and legally enforceable right to set off the amounts and it intends either to settle 
them on a net basis or to realise the asset and settle the liability simultaneously.
1.13   Inventories
 Inventories (raw materials, consumables and stores and spares) are valued at lower of cost and net 
realisable value. Cost of inventories comprises purchase price and other costs incurred in bringing the 
inventories to their present location and condition. Cost is determined using the weighted average 
method. 
 Net realisable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business, less the estimated 
costs to sell
1.14   Impairment of non-financial assets
 ‘The Group’s non-financial assets, other than inventories and deferred tax assets, are reviewed at each 
reporting date to determine whether there is any indication of impairment. If any such indication exists, 
then the asset’s recoverable amount is estimated.
 ‘For impairment testing, assets that do not generate independent cash inflows are grouped together 
into cash-generating units (CGUs). Each CGU represents the smallest group of assets that generates cash 

--- page 166 ---
Annual Report -2026              
165
inflows that are largely independent of the cash inflows of other assets or CGUs.
 The groups bases its impairment calculation on detailed budgets and forecast calculations, which are 
prepared separately for each of the Company’s CGUs to which the individual assets are allocated. These 
budgets and forecast calculations generally cover a period of five years. For longer periods, a long-
term growth rate is calculated and applied to project future cash flows after the fifth year. To estimate 
cash flow projections beyond periods covered by the most recent budgets/forecasts, the Company 
extrapolates cash flow projections in the budget using a steady or declining growth rate for subsequent 
years, unless an increasing rate can be justified. In any case, this growth rate does not exceed the long-
term average growth rate for the products, industries, or country or countries in which the Company 
operates, or for the market in which the asset is used.
 The recoverable amount of a CGU (or an individual asset) is the higher of its value in use and its fair value 
less costs to sell. Value in use is based on the estimated future cash flows, discounted to their present 
value using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money 
and the risks specific to the CGU (or the asset).
 An impairment loss is recognized in the statement of profit and loss if the estimated recoverable amount 
of an asset or its cash-generating unit is lower than its carrying amount. Impairment losses recognized 
in respect of cash-generating units are allocated first to reduce the carrying amount of any goodwill 
allocated to the units and then to reduce the carrying amount of the other assets in the unit on a pro-
rata basis.
 An impairment loss in respect of goodwill is not reversed. In respect of other assets, impairment losses 
recognized in prior periods are assessed at each reporting date for any indications that the loss has 
decreased or no longer exists. An impairment loss is reversed if there has been a change in the estimates 
used to determine the recoverable amount. An impairment loss is reversed only to the extent that the 
asset’s carrying amount does not exceed the carrying amount that would have been determined, net of 
depreciation or amortization, if no impairment loss has been recognized.
1.15  Cash & Cash Equivalents
 Cash and bank balances comprise of cash balance in hand, in current accounts with banks, demand 
deposit, short-term deposits, Margin Money deposits and unclaimed dividend accounts. For this purpose, 
“short-term” means investments having maturity of three months or less from the date of investment. 
Bank overdrafts that are repayable on demand and form an integral part of our cash management are 
included as a component of cash and cash equivalents for the purpose of the statement of cash flows.
The Margin money deposits and unclaimed dividend balances shall be disclosed as restricted cash 
balances.  
1.16  Employee Benefits
a.   Short term employee benefits
 Short-term employee benefits are expensed as the related service is provided. A liability is recognised 
for the amount expected to be paid if the Company has a present legal or constructive obligation 
to pay this amount as a result of past service provided by the employee and the obligation can be 
estimated reliably.
b.  Defined Contribution Plan  
 The Company’s contributions to defined contribution plans are charged to the statement of profit 
and loss as and when the services are received from the employees.
c.   Defined Benefit Plans
 The liability in respect of defined benefit plans and other post-employment benefits is calculated 
using the projected unit credit method consistent with the advice of qualified actuaries. The present 
value of the defined benefit obligation is determined by discounting the estimated future cash 
outflows using interest rates based on prevailing market yields of Indian Government Bonds and 
that have terms to maturity approximating to the terms of the related defined benefit obligation. 
The current service cost of the defined benefit plan, recognised in the statement of profit and loss 
in employee benefit expense, reflects the increase in the defined benefit obligation resulting from 
employee service in the current year, benefit changes, curtailments and settlements. Past service 
costs are recognised immediately in income. The net interest cost is calculated by applying the 

--- page 167 ---
Annual Report -2026              
166
discount rate to the net balance of the defined benefit obligation and the fair value of plan assets. 
This cost is included in employee benefit expense in the statement of profit and loss. Actuarial gains 
and losses arising from experience adjustments and changes in actuarial assumptions are charged 
or credited to equity in other comprehensive income in the period in which they arise.
d.   Termination benefits
 Termination benefits are recognized as an expense when the Company is demonstrably committed, 
without realistic possibility of withdrawal, to a formal detailed plan to either terminate employment 
before the normal retirement date, or to provide termination benefits as a result of an offer made to 
encourage voluntary redundancy. Termination benefits for voluntary redundancies are recognized 
as an expense if the Company has made an offer encouraging voluntary redundancy, it is probable 
that the offer will be accepted, and the number of acceptances can be estimated reliably.
e.  Other long-term employee benefits
 The Company’s net obligation in respect of other long term employee benefits is the amount of 
future benefit that employees have earned in return for their service in the curr ent and previous 
periods. That benefit is discounted to determine its present value. Re-measurements are recognized 
in the statement of profit and loss in the period in which they arise.
1.17 Provisions, contingent liabilities and contingent assets
a.   Provisions
 A provision is recognised if, as a result of a past event, the Company has a present legal or 
constructive obligation that can be estimated reliably, and it is probable that an outflow of economic 
benefits will be required to settle the obligation. If the effect of the time value of money is material, 
provisions are determined by discounting the expected future cash flows at a pre-tax rate that 
reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the liability. 
Where discounting is used, the increase in the provision due to the passage of time is recognized 
as a finance cost.
b.   Contingent liabilities
 A disclosure for a contingent liability is made when there is a possible obligation or a present 
obligation that may, but probably will not, require an outflow of resources. Where there is a possible 
obligation or a present obligation in respect of which the likelihood of outflow of resources is 
remote, no provision or disclosure is made.
c.   Contingent assets
 Contingent assets are not recognised in the financial statements. However, contingent assets are 
assessed continually and if it is virtually certain that an inflow of economic benefits will arise, the 
asset and related income are recognised in the period in which the change occurs.
1.18 Revenue Recognition
 Revenue is measured at the fair value of consideration received or receivable. Amounts recognised as 
revenue are net of returns, trade allowances, discounts, rebates, deductions by customers, service tax, 
value added tax, goods and services tax and amounts collected on behalf of third parties.
 At the inception of the new contractual arrangement with the customer, the Group identifies the 
performance obligations inherent in the agreement. The terms of the contracts are such that the services 
to be rendered represent a series of services that are substantially the same with the same pattern of the 
transfer to the customer.
 Revenue is recognized when the control is transferred to the customer and when the group has 
completed its performance obligations under the contracts. Revenue is recognized in a manner that 
depicts the transfer of goods and services to customers at an amount that reflects the consideration the 
Company expects to be entitled to in exchange for those goods or services.
 Revenue is recognized as follows: 
(i) Revenue from services represents the amounts receivable for services rendered.
(ii)  For non-contract-based business, revenue represents the value of goods delivered or services 
performed.

--- page 168 ---
Annual Report -2026              
167
(iii)  For contract-based business, revenue represents the sales value of work carried out for customers 
during the period. Such revenues are recognized in the period in which the service is rendered. 
(iv)  Unbilled revenue (contract assets) net of expected deductions is recognised at the end of each 
period. Such unbilled revenue is reversed in the subsequent period when actual invoice is raised. 
(v)  Unearned revenue (contract liabilities) represents revenue billed but for which services have not 
yet been performed and is included under Advances from customers. The same is released to the 
statement of profit and loss as and when the services are rendered.
 a. Rendering of Services
 In contracts involving the rendering of services, revenue is measured using the proportionate completion 
method when no significant uncertainty exists regarding the amount of the consideration that will be 
derived from rendering the service. When the contract outcome cannot be measured reliably, revenue 
is recognised only to the extent that the expenses incurred are eligible to be recovered.
 Estimates of revenue, costs or extent of progress towards completion are revised if circumstances change. 
Any resulting increases or decreases in estimated revenue or costs are reflected in profit or loss in the 
period in which the circumstances that give rise to the revision become known to the management.
 Multiple-element arrangements
 When a sales arrangement contains multiple elements, such as services, material and maintenance, 
revenue for each element is determined based on each element’s fair value.
 Revenue recognition for delivered elements is limited to the amount that is not contingent on the future 
delivery of products or services, future performance obligations or subject to customer-specified return 
or refund privileges.
 The undiscounted cash flows from the arrangement are periodically estimated and compared with the 
unamortized costs. If the unamortized costs exceed the undiscounted cash flow, a loss is recognized.
 b.  Other Income
 (i) Interest income
 For all debt instruments measured either at amortised cost or at fair value through other comprehensive 
income, interest income is recorded using the effective interest rate (EIR). EIR is the rate that exactly 
discounts the estimated future cash payments or receipts over the expected life of the financial 
instrument or a shorter period, where appropriate, to the gross carrying amount of the financial asset 
or to the amortised cost of a financial liability. When calculating the effective interest rate, the Company 
estimates the expected cash flows by considering all the contractual terms of the financial instrument 
(for example, prepayment, extension, call and similar options) but does not consider the expected credit 
losses. Interest income is included in other income in the statement of profit and loss.
 (ii)  Miscellaneous  Income
 Miscellaneous Income includes Rounding off and other non operating income these are recognized as 
and when accrued.
1.19   Borrowing Costs
 General and specific borrowing costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or 
production of a qualifying asset are capitalised during the period of time that is required to complete 
and prepare the asset for its intended use or sale. Qualifying assets are assets that necessarily take a 
substantial period of time to get ready for their intended use or sale. 
 Investment income earned on the temporary investment of specific borrowings pending their expenditure 
on qualifying assets is deducted from the borrowing costs eligible for capitalisation.
 Other borrowing costs are expensed in the period in which they are incurred.

--- page 169 ---
Annual Report -2026              
168
1.20  Leases
 Group as a lessee
 The Group’s lease asset classes primarily consist of leases for buildings. For any new contracts entered 
into or changed on or after April 1, 2019, the group assesses whether a contract is, or contains a lease. A 
lease is defined as ‘a contract, or part of a contract, that conveys the right to use an asset (the underlying 
asset) for a period in exchange for consideration’. To apply this definition the Groupassesses whether the 
contract meets three key evaluations which are whether: 
(i) the contract contains an identified asset, which is either explicitly identified in the contract or 
implicitly specified by being identified at the time the asset is made available to the group
(ii) the Group has the right to obtain substantially all of the economic benefits from use of the identified 
asset throughout the period of use, considering its rights within the defined scope of the contract 
(iii) The Group has the right to direct the use of the identified asset throughout the period of use. the 
Company assesses whether it has the right to direct ‘how and for what purpose’ the asset is used 
throughout the period of use.
 Measurement and recognition of leases as a lessee 
 At lease commencement date, the Group recognises a right-of-use asset (‘ROU’) and a corresponding 
lease liability on the balance sheet. The right-of-use asset is measured at cost, which comprises of the 
initial measurement of the lease liability, any initial direct costs incurred by the group, an estimate of 
any costs to dismantle and remove the asset at the end of the lease, and any lease payments made in 
advance of the lease commencement date (net of any incentives received).
 The Group depreciates the right-of-use assets using the written down value method from the lease 
commencement date to the earlier of the end of theuseful life of the right-of-use asset or the end of the 
lease term. The group also assesses the right-of-use asset for impairment when such indicators exist
 Ind  AS116  requires lessees to determine the lease term as the non-cancellable period of a lease 
adjusted with an option to extend or terminate the lease, if the use of such option is reasonably certain. 
The lease term in future periods is reassessed to ensure that the lease term reflects the current economic 
circumstances
 Extension and termination options are included in a number of leases of the Group. These are used to 
maximise operational flexibility in terms of managing the assets used in the Group’s operations. The 
majority of extension and termination options held are exercisable only by the Group and not by the 
respective lessor.
 At the commencement date, the Group measures the lease liability at the present value of the lease 
payments unpaid at that date, discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease if that rate is readily 
available or the Group’s incremental borrowing rate. Lease payments included in the measurement of 
the lease liability are comprises of fixed payments (including in substance fixed), variable payments 
based on an index or rate, amounts expected to be payable under a residual value guarantee and 
payments arising from options reasonably certain to be exercised.
 Subsequent to initial measurement, the liability will be reduced for payments made and increased for 
interest. It is remeasured to reflect any reassessment or modification, or if there are changes in in-
substance fixed payments. When the lease liability is remeasured, the corresponding adjustment is 
reflected in the rightof-use asset, or profit and loss if the right-of-use asset is already reduced to zero.
 The Group has elected to account for short-term leases and leases of low-value assets using the practical 
expedients. Instead of recognising a right-of-use asset and lease liability, the payments in relation to 
these are recognised as an expense in profit or loss on a straightline basis over the lease term.
1.21 Tax Expenses
 Tax expense consists of current and deferred tax.
 a.  Income Tax
 Current tax comprises the expected tax payable or receivable on the taxable income or loss for the year 
and any adjustment to the tax payable or receivable in respect of previous years. The amount of current 
tax reflects the best estimate of the tax amount expected to be paid or received after considering the 

--- page 170 ---
Annual Report -2026              
169
uncertainty, if any, related to income taxes. It is measured using tax rates (and tax laws) enacted or 
substantively enacted by the reporting date.
 Management periodically evaluates positions taken in the tax returns with respect to situations in which 
applicable tax regulations are subject to interpretations and considers whether it is probable that a 
taxation authority will accept an uncertain tax treatment.
 b.  Deferred Tax
 Deferred tax is recognised in respect of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets 
and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the corresponding amounts used for taxation 
purposes. Deferred tax is not recognised for:
 Temporary differences arising on the initial recognition of assets or liabilities in a transaction that is not 
a business combination and that affects neither accounting nor taxable profit or loss at the time of the 
transaction; and 
 Deferred tax assets are recognised for deductible temporary differences, the carry forwards of unused 
tax credits and unused tax losses. Deferred tax assets are recognised to the extent that it is probable 
that future taxable profits will be available against which they can be used. The existence of unused tax 
losses is strong evidence that future taxable profit may not be available. Therefore, in case of a history of 
recent losses, the Group recognises a deferred tax asset only to the extent that it has sufficient taxable 
temporary differences or there is convincing other evidence that sufficient taxable profit will be available 
against which such deferred tax asset can be realised. Deferred tax assets – unrecognised or recognised, 
are reviewed at each reporting date and are recognised/ reduced to the extent that it is probable/ no 
longer probable respectively that the related tax benefit will be realised.
 Deferred tax is measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply to the period when the asset is 
realised or the liability is settled, based on the laws that have been enacted or substantively enacted by 
the reporting date.
 The measurement of deferred tax reflects the tax consequences that would follow from the manner in 
which the Company expects, at the reporting date, to recover or settle the carrying amount of its assets 
and liabilities.
1.22  Earnings Per Share
 Basic earnings per share are calculated by dividing the net profit for the period attributable to equity 
shareholders of the Company (after deducting preference dividends and attributable taxes) by the 
weighted average number of equity shares outstanding during the period. 
 Partly paid equity shares are treated as a fraction of an equity share to the extent that they were entitled 
to participate in dividends relative to a fully paid equity share during the reporting period. The weighted 
average number of equity shares outstanding during the period is adjusted for events of bonus issue; 
bonus element in a rights issue to existing shareholders; share split; and reverse share split (consolidation 
of shares). 
 Diluted Earnings per share amounts are computed by dividing the net profit attributable to the equity 
holders of the Company (after deducting preference dividends and attributable taxes but after adjusting 
the after income tax effect of interest and other financing cost associated with dilutive potential equity 
shares) by the weighted average number of equity shares considered for deriving basic earnings per 
share and also the weighted average number of equity shares that could have been issued upon 
conversion of all dilutive potential equity shares. The diluted potential equity shares are adjusted for the 
proceeds receivable had the shares been actually issued at fair value (i.e. the average market value of 
the outstanding shares). Dilutive potential equity shares are deemed converted as at the beginning of 
the year, unless issued at a later date. Dilutive potential equity shares are determined independently for 
each year presented.

--- page 171 ---
Annual Report -2026              
170
1.23  Investment properties 
 Property that is held for long-term rental yields or for capital appreciation or both, and that is not 
occupied by the Company, is classified as investment property. Investment properties are measured 
initially at cost, including transaction costs. Subsequent to initial recognition, investment properties are 
stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and accumulated impairment loss, if any. The cost includes 
borrowing costs for long-term construction projects if the recognition criteria are met. Subsequent 
expenditure is capitalised to the asset’s carrying amount only when it is probable that future economic 
benefits associated with the expenditure will flow to the Company and the cost of such expenditure can 
be measured reliably.
 All other repair and maintenance costs are recognised in profit or loss as incurred. When part of an 
investment property is replaced, the carrying amount of the replaced part is derecognised. Investment 
properties are derecognised either when they have been disposed of or when they are permanently 
withdrawn from use and no future economic benefit is expected from their disposal. The difference 
between the net disposal proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset is recognised in profit or loss 
in the period of derecognition.
1.24 Cash flow Statements
 Cash flows are reported using the indirect method, whereby net profit/ (loss) before tax is adjusted for the 
effects of transactions of a non-cash nature and any deferrals or accruals of past or future cash receipts or 
payments and item of income or expenses associated with investing or financing cash flows. The cash flows 
from regular revenue generating (operating activities), investing and financing activities of the Company 
are segregated.
1.25 Trade receivables
 Trade receivables are recognised initially at the amount of consideration that is unconditional unless they 
contain significant financing components, in which case they are recognised at fair value. The Company’s 
trade receivables do not contain any significant financing component and hence are measured at the 
transaction price measured under Ind AS 115 “Revenue from Contracts with Customers”.
1.26 Determination of fair values 
 The group’s accounting policies and disclosures require the determination of fair value, for certain 
financial and non-financial assets and liabilities. Fair values have been determined for measurement and/
or disclosure purposes based on the following methods. When applicable, further information about the 
assumptions made in determining fair values is disclosed in the notes specific to that asset or liability.  A 
fair value measurement of a non-financial asset takes into account a market participant’s ability to generate 
economic benefits by u sing the asset in its highest and best use or by selling it to another market 
participant that would use the asset in its highest and best use.  
 a.  Property, plant and equipment 
 Property, plant and equipment, if acquired in a business combination or through an exchange of non-
monetary assets, is measured at fair value on the acquisition date.  For this purpose, fair value is based 
on appraised market values and replacement cost.
 
 b.  Intangible assets 
 The fair value of brands, technology related intangibles, and patents and trademarks acquired in a 
business combination is based on the discounted estimated royalty payments that have been avoided as 
a result of these brands, technology related intangibles, patents or trademarks being owned (the “relief 
of royalty method”). The fair value of customer related,  product related and other intangibles 
acquired in a business combination has been determined using the multi-period excess earnings method 
after deduction of a fair return on other assets that are part of creating the related cash flows.
 c.  Inventories 
 The fair value of inventories acquired in a business combination is determined based on its estimated 
selling price in the ordinary course of business less the estimated costs of completion and sale, and a 
reasonable profit margin based on the effort required to complete and sell the inventories.
 d. Derivatives 
 The fair value of foreign exchange forward contracts is estimated by discounting the difference between 
the contractual forward price and the current forward price for the residual maturity of the contract 
using a risk- free interest rate (based on government bonds). The fair value of foreign currency option 
and swap contracts and interest rate swap contracts is determined based on the appropriate valuation 

--- page 172 ---
Annual Report -2026              
171
techniques, considering the terms of the contract. 
 e.  Non-derivative financial liabilities 
 Fair value, which is determined for disclosure purposes, is calculated based on the present value of 
future principal and interest cash flows, discounted at the market rate of interest at the reporting date. 
For finance leases the market rate of interest is determined by reference to similar lease agreements. In 
respect of the Company’s borrowings that have floating rates of interest, their fair value approximates 
carrying value.
1.27  Recent Indian Accounting Standards (Ind AS)
 Ministry of Corporate Affairs (“MCA”) notifies new standards or amendments to the existing standards 
under Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules as issued from time to time. For the year ended 
March 31,2026 , MCA has notified and company has adopted the following new amendments to the 
existing standards, non of which had a significant impact on the financial statement.
 a) Ind AS 1 – Presentation of Financial Statements (effective April 1, 2025): 
 The amendment clarifies the classification of liabilities as current or non-current and specifically addresses 
non-current liabilities with covenants. For determining whether a liability is current, the amendment 
removes the requirement for an unconditional right to defer settlement for at least twelve months after 
the reporting date. Instead, it requires that the right to defer settlement must exist as of the reporting 
date and must have substance. It also provides additional guidance on classifying liabilities subject to 
covenants.
 b) Ind AS 7 – Statement of Cash Flows and Ind AS 107 – Financial Instruments: Disclosures (effective 
April 1, 2025): 
 The amendment to Ind AS 7 requires companies to disclose the existence of supplier finance 
arrangements, including the nature of such arrangements, the carrying amount of related liabilities, and 
the range of payment due dates. Ind AS 107 has been correspondingly amended to include supplier 
finance arrangements as a factor that may contribute to concentration of liquidity risk. 
 c) Ind AS 12 – Income Taxes: International Tax Reform – Pillar Two Model Rules (effective April 1, 
2025): 
 The amendments provide a temporary mandatory relief from recognising deferred tax arising from 
top-up tax, and require entities to disclose whether this relief has been applied. The relief is effective 
immediately and applies retrospectively. The amendments also require companies to provide new 
disclosures regarding potential top-up tax exposures in future periods. d) Ind AS 21 – The Effects of 
Changes in Foreign Exchange Rates (effective April 1, 2025): The amendments address the ‘Lack of 
Exchangeability’ guidance under Ind AS 21. These amendments clarify the assessment of exchangeability 
of a currency and the determination of an appropriate spot exchange rate when exchangeability is 
lacking, and require disclosures enabling users to understand the resulting financial impact.

--- page 173 ---
Annual Report -2026              
172
 Description  Office  
Equipments 
 Computers  Mobiles  Furniture 
and  
Fixtures 
 Printers  Inverters  Plant and 
Machinery 
 Vehicles  Live 
stock 
 Lease Hold 
Improvements 
 Land  Total 
 Gross carrying amount  
 Cost as at 01.04.2025 341.82 206.13 119.13 318.45 9.69 12.88 68.26 936.38 1.43 533.06 3,527.98 6,075.22
 Additions 27.78 65.36 23.31 11.83 0.00 0.00 0.76 35.75 0.00 35.33 131.44 331.56
 Disposals 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00 9.80 0.00 0.00 0.00 9.80
Cost as at 31.03.2026 369.60 271.49 142.43 330.29 9.69 12.88 69.02 962.33 1.43 568.39 3,659.41 6,396.98
Accumulated Depreciation 306.34 175.78 87.74 239.18 7.78 10.92 42.40 623.04 1.31 497.95 0.00 1,992.44
Charge for the year 12.00 22.56 19.73 20.44 0.23 0.70 11.63 98.58 0.03 7.97 0.00 193.87
Disposals 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00 9.15 0.00 0.00 0.00 9.15
As at 31.03.2026 318.34 198.34 107.47 259.62 8.02 11.62 54.03 712.47 1.34 505.92 0.00 2,177.16
Net Carrying Value
As at 31.03.2025 35.48 30.35 31.39 79.27 1.91 1.96 25.87 313.34 0.12 35.11 3,527.98 4,082.78
As at 31.03.2026 51.27 73.16 34.96 70.66 1.67 1.26 14.99 249.86 0.09 62.47 3,659.41 4,219.82
Note - 2
Property,Plant and Equipment 

--- page 174 ---
Annual Report -2026              
173
Note - 3 Right of Use Asset
 Description  Buildings 
 Gross carrying amount  
 Cost as at 01.04.2025 1,444.05
 Additions  316.59 
 Deletions  -   
Cost as at 31.03.2026 1,760.64
Accumulated Depreciation  695.27 
Charge for the year  244.56 
Deletions  -   
As at 31.03.2026 939.83
Net Carrying Value
As at 31.03.2025 748.78
As at 31.03.2026 820.81
Note - 4 Intangible Assets Under Development
 Description  Land 
 Gross carrying amount  
 Cost as at 01.04.2025  -   
 Additions  226.29 
 Disposals  -   
Cost as at 31.03.2026  226.29 
Accumulated Depreciation              -   
Charge for the year  -   
Disposals  -   
As at 31.03.2026  -   
Net Carrying Value
As at 31.03.2025  -   
As at 31.03.2026  226.29 

--- page 175 ---
Annual Report -2026              
174
Note - 5 Intangible Assets 
  Description 
 
 Intanigible Assets
 Gross carrying amount  
 Cost as at 01.04.2025  -   
 Additions  7.11 
 Disposals  -   
Cost as at 31.03.2026  7.11 
Accumulated Depreciation  -   
Charge for the year  0.19 
Disposals  -   
As at 31.03.2026  0.19 
Net Carrying Value -
As at 31.03.2025  -   
As at 31.03.2026  6.92 
Note No 6- Investment Property
  Description   Description  
 Gross carrying amount  
 Cost as at 01.04.2025 1,138.29
 Additions  -   
 Disposals  -   
Cost as at 31.03.2026 1,138.29
Accumulated Depreciation  -   
Charge for the year  -   
Disposals  -   
As at 31.03.2026  - 
Net Carrying Value
As at 31.03.2025 1,138.29
As at 31.03.2026 1,138.29
Note - 7  Other Financial Assets
 Particulars  As at March 31, 
2026 
 As at March 31, 
2025 
'Deposits against Bank Guarantee  203.89  218.55 
'Interest Accured on Deposits against Bank Gurantee  52.69  38.11 
Total  256.58  256.66 
Note No.8 Deferred Tax Assets 
 Particulars  As at March 31, 
2026 
 As at March 31, 
2025 
Deferred Tax Asset  on 80JJAA  1,089.58  864.88 
Deferred Tax Asset  on  Property,plant& equipment  180.02  183.95 
Deferred Tax Asset  on Right of Use Assets  17.50  7.72 
Deferred Tax Asset  on Employee Benefit Obligations  321.38  208.87 
Deferred Tax Asset  on Others  0.16  0.16 
Total  1,608.64  1,265.58 

--- page 176 ---
Annual Report -2026              
175
Note - 9 Inventories
 Particulars  As at March 31, 
2026 
 As at March 31, 
2025 
Raw Materials  8.05 
Work in Progress  -   
Finisged Goods  516.36  468.02 
Total  524.41  468.02 
Note - 10 Trade Receivables
 Particulars  As at March 31, 
2026 
 As at March 31, 
2025 
Unsecured, Considered Good   -   
Trade Receivable  20,400.77  16,507.24 
Expected Credit Loss  (150.85)  (104.21)
Total  20,249.92  16,403.03 
Note: Trade Receivable are non interest bearing
Note - 11 Cash and Cash Equivalents
 Particulars  As at March 31, 
2026 
 As at March 31, 
2025 
Cash on hand        16.36  27.52 
Balances with banks in  -   
- Current accounts  264.86  43.51 
Total  281.22  71.03 
Note - 12  Bank Balance other than (ii) above
 Particulars  As at March 31, 
2026 
 As at March 31, 
2025 
- Fixed Deposits in Banks  1,133.61  740.06 
Interest Receivable on Fixed Deposit  102.38  124.47 
Total 1,235.99 864.53
Note - 13 Other Financial Assets
 Particulars  As at March 31, 
2026 
 As at March 31, 
2025 
Rental and other deposits  311.59  272.89 
Receivables for training projects  1,281.67  1,269.37 
Total 1,593.26 1,542.26
Note - 14 Other Current Assets
 Particulars  As at March 31, 
2026 
 As at March 31, 
2025 
Advances to Employees  1,524.58  1,318.65 
Advance to Suppliers  177.06  22.30 
Balances with Govt Authorities- TDS Receivable  763.70  1,482.06 
 Prepaid Expenses  263.09  204.83 
 Other Advances  1.89  -   
Total  2,730.32  3,027.83 

--- page 177 ---
Annual Report -2026              
176
(All amount are in Indian Rupees in Lakhs, except share data or otherwise stated)
    
Note - 15 Share Capital
Particulars As at 31 March 2026 As at 31 March 2025
Authorized share capital
"4,00,00,000 equity shares of Rs.5 each 
(2,30,00,000 Equity Shares of Rs 5 each,  
in FY 24-25 before bonus)"
2,000.00 1,150.00
Issued subscribed and paid up share capital
“3,04,32,183 Equity Shares of Rs.5 each, fully paid up  
(2,02,88,122 Equity Shares of Rs.5 each, fully paid up in 
FY 24-25 before bonus Issue)”
1521.61 1,014.41 
1,521.61 1,014.41 
Note:  During the year on  February 28, 2026, the shareholders of the company has approved bous shares for 
ever 2 equity share of the face value of Rs 5 each 1 bonus share of Rs. 5 each.Consequently, the number of 
equity shares increased from 2,02,88,122 to 3,04,32,183.
Reconciliation of equity shares  
outstanding is set out below:
As at 31 March 2026 As at 31 March 2025 
Particulars No. of shares Amount No. of shares Amount 
Opening number of equity shares/share capital 2,02,88,122 1,014.41 2,02,88,122 1,014.41
Add: equity shares issued during the year  -  -  -  - 
Add: Bonus shares (2:1) 1,01,44,061 507.20  -  - 
Less: shares buy backed during the year  -  -  -  - 
Closing number of equity shares/share capital 3,04,32,183 1,521.61 2,02,88,122 1,014.41 
Details of shareholders holding  
more than 5% shares :
As at 31 March 2026 As at 31 March 2025 
Particulars No. of shares % Holding No. of shares % Holding 
1. Mr Kodali Srikanth 2,16,11,079 71.01% 1,44,07,386 71.01%
2. Mr. Ramachandra Naidu Chereddi 19,23,600 6.32% 12,82,400 6.32%
2,35,34,679 77.33% 1,56,89,786 77.33%
Details of shares held by 
promoters
As at 31 March 2026 As at 31 March 2025 % 
change
Particulars No. of shares % Holding No. of shares % Holding 
1. Mr Kodali Srikanth 2,16,11,079 71.01% 1,44,07,386 71.01%
2. Ms. Kanti Kiran Doddapaneni 5,64,006 1.85% 3,76,004 1.85%
2,21,75,085 72.87% 1,47,83,390 72.87%
15.1 Rights attached to equity shares     
The Company has only one class of  equity shares having a face value of  Rs.5 /- each. For all matters submitted to 
vote in a shareholders meeting of the Company, every holder of an equity share, as reflected in the records of the 
Company as on the record date set for the shareholders meeting, shall have one vote in respect of each share held. 
Should the Company declare and pay any dividends, such dividends will be paid in Indian rupees to each holder 
of equity shares in proportion to the number of shares held to the total equity shares outstanding as on that 
date.     
In the event of liquidation of the Company, all preferential amounts, if any, shall be discharged by the Company. 
The remaining assets of the Company shall be distributed to the holders of equity shares in proportion to the 
number of shares held to the total equity shares outstanding as on that date.    

--- page 178 ---
Annual Report -2026              
177
Note - 16  Other equity
Particulars As at 31 March 2026 As at 31 March 2025
Retained Earnings  9,362.09  7,055.90 
Securities Premium  755.81  755.81 
Other comprehensive income  (4.44)  61.70 
Total  10,113.45  7,873.41 
Particulars As at 31 March 2026 As at 31 March 2025
Retained earnings
Opening balance  7,055.90  5,272.25 
Add: Addition during the year  2,813.39  1,783.65 
Add: Less Bonus Issue of shares during the year  (507.20)  -   
Total  9,362.09  7,055.90 
Retained earnings are the profits that the Company has earned till date, less any transfers to general reserve, 
dividends or other distributions to shareholders.     
Particulars As at 31 March 2026 As at 31 March 2025
Securities premium
Opening balance  755.81  755.81 
Add: Addition during the year  -    -   
Total  755.81  755.81 
Amount received on issue of shares in excess of the face value has been classified as securities premium. This 
reserve will be utilised in accordance with provisions of Section 52 of the Companies Act, 2013  
Particulars As at 31 March 2026 As at 31 March 2025
Other comprehensive income -Acturial gain/loss
Opening balance  61.70  115.12 
Add: Addition during the year  (66.14)  (53.42)
Total  (4.44)  61.70 
Other Comprehensive Income (OCI) represents the amount recognised in other equity consequent to 
remeasurement of Defined Employee Benefit Plans
Particulars Securities 
Premium 
Reserve
Retained 
Earnings
Actuarial gain/
Loss on account of 
Defined benefit plans
TOTAL
Balance as at 31.03.2025 755.81 7,055.90 61.70 7,873.41
Profit for the Period 01.04.2025 to 
31.03.2026
2,813.39 2,813.39
Actuarial gain/(loss) on post-employ-
ment benefit obligations, net of tax 
benefit 
(66.14) (66.14)
Bonus Issue Transferred to Share Capi-
tal from Reserves
(507.20) (507.20)
Balance as at 31.03.2026 755.81 9,362.09 (4.44) 10,113.45

--- page 179 ---
Annual Report -2026              
178
Note No. 16a Non controlling interests 
Particulars As at 31 March 2026 As at 31 March 2025
Balance as per last financial statements  -    -   
Changes during the year:
a)  Share capital on incorporation of subsidiaries during the year
b)  Profit/(loss) for the year transferred from statement of  
     Profit and loss
 0.02  - 
(0.23) -
Total  (0.20)  -   
Note - 17 Long term borrowings
 Particulars  As at March 31, 2026  As at March 31, 2025 
a) Loans from Banks & Financial Institutions
     Secured 3113.88  3,307.27 
     Unsecured 0.17  103.26 
Total  3,114.06  3,410.53 
Note - 18 Lease Liabilities
 Particulars  As at March 31, 2026  As at March 31, 2025 
Lease Liabilities 658.83  635.72 
Total  658.83  635.72 
Note - 19 Provisions
 Particulars  As at March 31, 2026  As at March 31, 2025 
Provision for Gratuity 857.64  471.72 
Total  857.64  471.72 
Note - 20 Short-term borrowings
 Particulars  As at March 31, 2026  As at March 31, 2025 
a) Borrowings from Banks & Financial Institutions
     Secured* 14021.27  12,412.38 
b) Loans and advances from related Parties
     Unsecured 100.19  -   
c) Current maturities of Long term Borrowings 289.04  285.44 
Total  14,410.50  12,697.82 
Note - 21 Lease Liabilites
 Particulars  As at March 31, 2026  As at March 31, 2025 
Current maturities of Lease Liabilities 231.50  143.75 
Total  231.50  143.75 
Note - 22 Trade payables
 Particulars  As at March 31, 2026  As at March 31, 2025 
Outstanding dues to micro enterprises and  small 
enterprises
81.24  26.01 
Outstanding dues to creditors other than micro 
enterprises and small enterprises
205.01  176.37 
Total  286.25  202.38 

--- page 180 ---
Annual Report -2026              
179
Note - 23 Other financial liabilities
 Particulars  As at March 31, 2026  As at March 31, 2025 
Rent payable 12.39  5.30 
Expenses Payable 21.82  35.53 
Audit fee Payable 27.45  26.13 
Salaries Payable 314.16  198.23 
Wages Payable 508.73  914.65 
Interest Accured on Bank borrowings 34.20  36.33 
Total  918.74  1,216.17 
Note - 24 Other current liabilities
 Particulars  As at March 31, 2026  As at March 31, 2025 
Statutory dues payable 2207.49  1,915.95 
Total  2,207.49  1,915.95 
Note - 25 Provisions
 Particulars  As at March 31, 2026  As at March 31, 2025 
Provision for Gratutity 330.81  286.72 
Provision for Income tax 241.79  0.21 
Total  572.60  286.93 

--- page 181 ---
Annual Report -2026              
180
M/S.KAPSTON SERVICES LIMITED   
NO.287, MIG-2, IX PHASE, KPHB, KUKATPALLY, HYDERABAD - 500072   
Notes to Accounts
Note - 26 Revenue from operations 
 Particulars For the Year Ended 
31.03.2026
For the Year Ended 
31.03.2025
 Sale of services 
 (a) House Keeping  20,227.44  16,451.59 
 (b)  Security Service Charges  23,802.50  20,422.79 
 (c)  Contract Staffing Income  37,223.48  31,424.73 
 (d)  Grants Received from Ministry of Rural Devel-
opment and Government of India for DDU -GKY skill 
Projects 
 83.12  91.75 
 (e)  Unbilled Revenue  1,683.50  552.30 
 Total  83,020.04  68,943.16 
Note - 27 Other Income 
 Particulars For the Year Ended 
31.03.2026
For the Year Ended 
31.03.2025
 Interest Received   77.00  72.24 
 Interest on Income tax Refund  84.35  -   
 Misc Income  0.01  0.02 
  Profit on Sale of Fixed Assets  1.85  3.45 
 Income from NAPS/NATS programme  0.00  -   
 Gain on Termination of Leases  5.85  4.30 
 Total  169.06  80.01 
Note - 28 Cost of Materials consumed
 Particulars For the Year Ended 
31.03.2026
For the Year Ended 
31.03.2025
 Opening Stock  468.02  504.34 
 Purchases  766.15  728.79 
 Closing Stock  (490.14 ) (468.02) 
 Cost of Materials consumed  744.02  765.11 
Note - 29 Changes in inventories of finished goods work-in-progress and Stock-in-Trade
 Particulars For the Year Ended 
31.03.2026
For the Year Ended 
31.03.2025
 Opening Stock:  -    -   
 Finished Goods  -    -   
 Work in Progress  -    -   
 Sub Total (a)  -    -   
 Closing Stock: 
 Finished Goods  34.27  -   
 Work in Progress  -    -   
 Sub Total (b)  34.27  -   
 Total (a-b) -34.27 0.00

--- page 182 ---
Annual Report -2026              
181
Note - 30 Employee Benefits 
 Particulars For the Year Ended 
31.03.2026
For the Year Ended 
31.03.2025
 Wages  67,650.48  56,261.65 
Expenses for Ministry of Rural Development and 
Government of India for DDU -GKY skill Projects 
 83.12  91.75 
Salaries  2,626.05  2,197.48 
Directors Remuneration  192.32  120.00 
Other Employee Benefits  251.81  131.94 
Contribution to Provident fund and other funds  5,454.10  4,865.45 
Gratuity Expense  377.46  277.16 
Director's Sitting Fees  6.00  6.00 
 Total  76,641.36  63,951.42 
Note - 31 Finance cost 
 Particulars For the Year Ended 
31.03.2026
For the Year Ended 
31.03.2025
 Interest on Vehicle loans and other Term loans  175.86  82.48 
 Interest on Bank O/D  1,173.76  1,086.49 
 Interset On lease  72.61  52.61 
 Total  1,422.23  1,221.58 
Note: 32 Depreciation and Amortization 
 Particulars For the Year Ended 
31.03.2026
For the Year Ended 
31.03.2025
 Depreciation of Property,Plant and Equipment  194.06  277.51 
 Depreciation of Right of use assets  194.78  171.96 
 Total  388.83  449.47 
Note - 33 Other Expenses 
 Particulars For the Year Ended 
31.03.2026
For the Year Ended 
31.03.2025
Advertisement Charges  26.55      18.32 
Professional Fees  25.38  30.15 
Internal Audit Fees  2.00  2.00 
Business Promotion Expenses  5.15  9.26 
Consultancy Charges  96.40  111.17 
Conveyance  50.24  46.57 
Bank Charges  66.46  48.51 
Electricity Charges  30.08  31.84 
Donation   27.29  29.68 
CSR Expenses  20.00  8.84 
Insurance  191.52  184.34 
Rates and Taxes  112.12  41.55 
Office Maintenance  80.68  60.96 
Postage and Telegram  2.71  2.34 
Printing and Stationery  60.88  39.26 

--- page 183 ---
Annual Report -2026              
182
Rent   126.50  119.13 
Internet Charges  2.85  3.07 
Telephone Charges  18.16  19.30 
Travelling Expenses  63.13  71.08 
Computer Maintenance  2.97  4.96 
Vehicle Maintenance  74.20  72.37 
NSDC Expenditure  -    -   
NAPS Expenditure  4.97  13.21 
Tender Expenses  3.37  5.87 
Recuritment expenses  60.01  38.62 
Annual Maintenance Charges  5.50  4.27 
Software Expenses  60.01  46.60 
Expected Credit Loss  46.64  31.51 
Other expenses  5.91  20.62 
Audit Fees 
Staututory Audit  14.00  13.25 
Tax Audit  6.50  3.00 
 Total  1,292.17  1,131.64 

--- page 184 ---
Annual Report -2026              
183
KAPSTON SERVICES LIMITED
Consolidated Notes Forming Part of IND AS Financial Statements for FY 2025-26
(All amounts are in Lakhs except share data or as otherwise Specified)
34. Changes in liabilities arising from financing activities.
For the year ended 31 March 2026
Particulars Current 
Borrowings
Non-current 
Borrowings
Lease 
liabilities
As at 01 April 2025 12,412.38 3,695.97 779.47
Borrowings made during the year 1,709.08 3083.76 -
Borrowings repaid during the year - 3376.64 -
Recognition/termination of Lease Liability during the year - - 274.87
Accretion of Interest - - 81.08
Payment of lease liability including interest - - (245.09)
As at 31 March 2026 14,121.46 3,403.09 890.33
For the year ended 31 March 2025
Particulars Current 
Borrowings
Non-current 
Borrowings
Lease 
liabilities
As at 01 April 2024 9214.69 801.33     205.87 
Borrowings made during the year 3197.69 4363.51 -
Borrowings repaid during the year 1468.87 -
Recognition/termination of Lease liability during the year - - 732.13
Accretion of Interest - - 52.61
Payment of lease liability including interest - - (211.14)
As at 31 March 2025 12412.38 3695.97 779.47
35.  Earnings per Share
 Basic EPS amounts are computed by dividing the profit for the year attributable to equity holders by the 
weighted average number of Equity shares outstanding during the year.
 Diluted earnings per share is computed by dividing the profit/(loss) attributable to equity holders by the 
weighted average number of equity shares outstanding during the period/year plus the weighted average 
number of equity shares that would be issued on conversion of all the dilutive potential equity shares into 
equity shares.
Particulars For the Period Ended 
31 March 2026
For the Period  
Ended 31 March 2025
Earnings
Profit attributable to equity holders 2,813.39 1783.65
Shares
Number of shares at the beginning of the year 2,02,88,122 2,02,88,122
Add: Equity shares issued (Bonus Issue) 1,01,44,061 -
Less: Buy back of equity shares - -
Total number of equity shares outstanding at the  
end of the year
3,04,32,183 2,02,88,122
Weighted average number of equity shares  
outstanding during the year – Basic (Nos)*
3,04,32,183 3,04,32,183
Add: Weighted average number of equity shares arising 
out of outstanding stock options (net of the stock 
options forfeited) that have dilutive effect on the EPS
- -

--- page 185 ---
Annual Report -2026              
184
Weighted average number of equity shares 
outstanding during the year – Diluted (Nos)*
3,04,32,183 3,04,32,183
Earnings per share of par value Rs. 5/- Basic 9.24 5.86
Earnings per share of par value Rs. 5/- Diluted 9.24 5.86
Note: 
The Shareholders of the Company had approved the bonus issue of one equity share for every two shares held 
of the face value of Rs 5 each. The basic and diluted EPS for the prior periods have been restated considering 
bonus issue in accordance with Ind AS 33- “Earnings per Share” on account of the abovementioned bonus issue 
of equity shares
36.  Auditor Remuneration                                                                   
Particulars For the Period Ended 
31 March 2026
For the Period  
Ended 31 March 2025
Audit Fees 14.00 13.25
Tax Audit 6.50 3.00
Taxation Matters - -
Other services - -
Total * 20.50 16.25
* Excluding Taxes
37.    Related Party Transaction
In accordance with the provisions of Ind AS 24 “Related Party Disclosures” and the Companies Act, 2013, Com-
pany’s Directors, Key Managerial Personnel defined as per Sec 2(51) of the Companies Act 2013 are considered 
as related parties of the Group. 
(a) List of Related parties of the Group is as below:
Names of related parties Nature of Relationship
Key Management Personnel
Dr.  Ramachandra Naidu Chereddi Chairman
Mr. Srikanth Kodali Managing director in 
• Kapston Services Limited and 
Nominee Director in
• Kapston Manpower Services Private Limited
• Kapston Security Services Private Limited
• Kapston Home Products Private Limited
• Kapston Home Services Private Limited
Mr. Naveen Nandigam Independent director
Ms. Vanitha Nagulavari Independent director
Mr. Nageswara Rao Koripalli Independent director
Ms. Doddapaneni Kanti Kiran Non-Executive director
*Mr. Kapil Sood Chief Financial officer in Kapston Services Limited
& Nominee Director in
• Kapston Security Services Private Limited
• Kapston Home Services Private Limited
Ms. Triveni Banda Company Secretary (until: 27.01.2026)
Mr. Kurubara Ramesha Company Secretary (w.e.f: 24.04.2026)
*Mr. Kolala Somasekhar AVP Compliance in 
• Kapston services Limited and 
Nominee Director in
• Kapston Manpower Services Private Limited 

--- page 186 ---
Annual Report -2026              
185
*Mr. Shampooram Narsing Rao Syam sunder SR VP Staffing in 
• Kapston services Limited and 
Nominee Director in 
• Kapston Manpower Services Private Limited 
*Mr. Penmatcha Sri Rama Venkatasurya Satyanaryana 
raju
VP Soft Services in 
• Kapston services Limited and 
Nominee Director in 
• Kapston Manpower Services Private Limited 
*Ms. Reena Rekulgikar AVP HR in 
• Kapston services Limited and
Nominee Director in
• Kapston Home Products Private Limited
• Kapston Manpower Services Private Limited 
*Ms. Nitya Menon AVP Procurement and Admin in 
• Kapston services Limited and
Nominee Director in
• Kapston Manpower Services Private Limited
*Mr. Hara Prasad Panda Executive President in 
• Kapston services Limited and
Nominee Director in 
• Kapston Security Services Private Limited
• Kapston Home Services Private Limited
*Mr. Srinivas Chellampalli VP Security in 
• Kapston services Limited and
Nominee Director in 
• Kapston Security Services Private Limited
*Mr. Vishnu Bhopal Rao Mora Vittal VP Security in 
• Kapston services Limited and
Nominee Director in 
• Kapston Security Services Private Limited
*Mr. Kodali Karthik Nominee Director in 
• Kapston Home Products Private Limited
• Kapston Home Services Private Limited
Note: Since they are nominee directors appointed by the company. They are not considered as interested or 
related parties in the transactions between the company and its subsidiaries.
(b) Transactions during the year
Particulars For the Period Ended 
31 March 2026
For the Period  
Ended 31 March 2025
Remuneration 
Mr. Ramachandra Naidu Chereddi 15.00 15.00
Mr. Srikanth Kodali 192.32 120.00
Mr. Kapil Sood 74.20 47.27
Sitting fee
Mr. Naveen Nandigam 2.00   2.00   
Ms. Vanitha Nagulavari 2.00   2.00   
Mr. Nageswara Rao Koripalli 2.00   2.00   

--- page 187 ---
Annual Report -2026              
186
(c) Balance Outstanding at For the Period Ended 
31 March 2026
For the Period  
Ended 31 March 2025
Remuneration   
Mr. Srikanth Kodali 27.58 6.73
Mr. Chereddi Ramachandra Naidu 1.17 1.15
Mr. Kapil Sood 4.06 2.70
Ms. Triveni Banda - 0.63
38.  Segment Reporting
The Group concluded that there is only one operating segment i.e., Facility Management & staffing services. 
Hence, the same becomes the reportable segment for the Group. Accordingly, the group has only one operating 
and reportable segment, the disclosure requirements specified in paragraphs 22 to 30 are not applicable.
39.  Details of Employee Benefits                                              
Particulars For the Period Ended 
31 March 2026
For the Period  
Ended 31 March 2025
Wages 67,650.48 56,261.65
Salaries           2,626.05 2197.48
Director remuneration     192.32 120.00
Other employee benefits             251.81 131.94
Expenses for Ministry of Rural Development and Gov-
ernment of India for DDU -GKY skill Projects
               83.12 91.75
Gratuity Expense               377.46              277.16
Contribution to Provident fund and other funds 5,454.10          4,865.45
Total 76,635.34 63,945.43
Notes:
 The Group operates defined benefit plan i.e., gratuity for its employees. Under the gratuity plan, every employee 
who has completed at least five years of service gets a gratuity on departure at 15 days of last drawn salary for 
each completed year of service. 
 
Gratuity and other Post employment benefits
In accordance with applicable laws, the group has a defined benefit plan which provides for gratuity payments 
(the “Gratuity Plan”) and covers certain categories of employees in India. The Gratuity Plan provides a lump sum 
gratuity payment to eligible employees at retirement or termination of their employment. The amount of the 
payment is based on the respective employee’s last drawn salary and the years of employment with the Group. 
Liabilities in respect of the Gratuity Plan are determined by an actuarial valuation.
(a) Change in Present Value of Defined Benefit Obligation - (Gratuity)
Particulars For the Period Ended 
31 March 2026
For the Period  
Ended 31 March 2025
Defined Benefit obligation at the beginning 758.44 500.26
Interest cost 51.68 33.98
Adjustment - -
Current service cost 325.77 212.11
Benefits Paid (35.84) (59.30)
Actuarial/losses on obligation 88.39 71.39
Obligation at the end of the year 1,188.44 758.44

--- page 188 ---
Annual Report -2026              
187
(b)Amount recognised in Profit and Loss account and other comprehensive income recognised for 
defined benefit contribution Plan
Particulars For the Period Ended 
31 March 2026
For the Period  
Ended 31 March 2025
Current Service Cost 325.77 212.11
Past Service cost - -
Gain/(Loss) on settlements - -
Reimbursement of service cost - -
Total Service cost 325.77 212.11
Interest expense on DBO 51.68 33.98
Interest (income) on Plan assets - -
Interest (income) on Reimbursement rights - -
Interest expense on Asset ceiling /Onerous Liability - -
Total Net Interest cost 51.68 33.98
Reimbursements of Other Long-term benefits -                                -
Defined benefit cost Included in P&L 377.45 246.09
Remeasurements -Due to Demographic assumptions 121.14 (106.36)
Remeasurements -Due to Financial assumptions 78.48 (54.48)
Remeasurements -Due to Experience adjustments (111.23) 232.23
(Return) on Plan assets (Excluding interest income) - -
(Return) on Reimbursement Rights - -
Changes in Asset ceiling /Onerous Liability - -
Total Remeasurements in OCI 88.39 71.39
Total Defined Benefit Recognised in P&L and OCI 465.84 317.48
(c) Amount recognised in the statement of Financial Position 
Particulars For the Period Ended 
31 March 2026
For the Period  
Ended 31 March 2025
Defined Benefit Obligation 1,188.44 758.44
Fair value of plan assets - -
Net asset/(Liability) recognised in Balance sheet 1,188.44 758.44
(d) The assumptions used in accounting for the Gratuity Plan are set out as below:
Particulars For the Period Ended 
31 March 2026
For the Period  
Ended 31 March 2025
Discount rate 7.72% 7.00%
Retirement age 58 58
Future salary increases 5.00% 2.00%
40.  Income taxes
Income tax Expense/(Benefit) recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss Account
Particulars For the Period Ended 
31 March 2026
For the Period  
Ended 31 March 2025
Current Tax Expense 242.39 0.21
Deferred tax Expense - -
Deferred tax Expense Benefit (320.81) (279.90)
Total income tax Expense/(Benefit) recognised (78.42) (279.69)

--- page 189 ---
Annual Report -2026              
188
Income tax Expense/(Benefit) recognised in the Statement of other comprehensive income.
Particulars For the Period Ended 
31 March 2026
For the Period  
Ended 31 March 2025
Tax Effect on remeasurement of defined benefit Plans 22.25 17.97
Total income tax Expense/(Benefit) recognised 22.25 17.97
Reconciliation of Effective Tax Rate:
Particulars For the Period Ended 
31 March 2026
For the Period  
Ended 31 March 2025
Profit Before Income tax 2734.75 1503.95
Enacted tax Rate in India 25.17% 25.17%
Computed Expected Tax Expense/(Benefit) 688.34 378.52
Tax Effect on
Expense Not deductible for tax Purpose 245.89 200.70
Expense deductible for tax Purpose 124.49 107.41
Other deductions 567.33 625.40
Income tax Expense/(Benefit) 242.41 -153.59
Effective tax rate 8.86% -
Deferred tax (Asset)/Liabilities (Net)
Particulars For the Period Ended 
31 March 2026
For the Period  
Ended 31 March 2025
Deferred tax asset on 80JJAA 1,089.58 864.88
Deferred tax asset on Property, Plant and Equipment 180.02                  183.95
Deferred tax Assets on Right of Use assets 17.50 7.72
Deferred tax asset on Employee benefit obligations 321.38 208.87
Deferred tax asset on others 0.16 0.16
Net Deferred Tax Asset 1,608.64 1,265.58
41. Contingent Liabilities
Particulars For the Period Ended 
31 March 2026
For the Period  
Ended 31 March 2025
Claims against the Group/Disputed  
Liabilities not acknowledged as debts
- -
Bank Guarantee 1222.59 1222.59
Total 1222.59 1222.59
42. Financial Instruments
The Carrying value and fair value of financial instruments as at 31 March 2026 and 31 March 2025 were as 
follows:
Particulars
As at 31 March 2026 As at 31 March 2025
Carrying 
value
Fair value/ 
Amortised cost
Carrying 
value
Fair value/ 
amortised cost
Trade Receivables 20,249.92 20,249.92 16,403.03 16,403.06
Loans and advances - -                  -                  -
Cash and cash equivalents 281.22 281.22 71.03 71.03
Other Bank balances 1,235.99 1,235.99 864.53 864.53
Other Financial Assets 1,849.84 1,849.84 1,798.92 1,798.92
Total 23,616.97 23,616.97 19,137.51 19,137.51

--- page 190 ---
Annual Report -2026              
189
Borrowings 17,524.55 17,524.55 16,108.35 16,108.35
Trade payables 286.25 286.25 202.38 202.38
Lease Liabilities 890.33 890.33 779.47 779.47
Other financial liabilities 918.74 918.74 1,216.17 1,216.17
Total 19,619.87 19,619.87 18,306.37 18,306.37
Fair value hierarchy
Level 1 - Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.
Level 2 - Inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, 
either directly (i.e., as prices) or indirectly (i.e., derived from prices).
Level 3 - Inputs for the assets or liabilities that are not based on observable market data (unobservable 
inputs).
43. Financial risk management objectives and policies
The Group’s activities expose it to a variety of financial risks, including credit risk, liquidity risk and Market risk. 
The group’s risk management assessment and policies and processes are established to identify and analyse the 
risks faced by the Group, to set appropriate risk limits and controls, and to monitor such risks and compliance 
with the same. Risk assessment and management policies and processes are reviewed regularly to reflect 
changes in market conditions and the Group’s activities. The Board of Directors, risk management committee 
and the Audit Committee is responsible for overseeing the group’s risk assessment and management policies 
and processes.
A) Credit Risk
Credit risk is the risk of financial loss arising from counterparty failure to repay or service debt according 
to the contractual terms or obligations. Credit risk encompasses both the direct risk of default and the risk 
of deterioration of creditworthiness as well as concentration risks. Financial instruments that are subject 
to concentrations of credit risk, principally consist of trade receivables, loans and advances and financial 
instruments. The group strives to promptly identify and reduce concerns about collection due to a deterioration 
in the financial conditions and others of its main counterparties by regularly monitoring their situation based 
on their financial condition. None of the financial instruments of the Group result in material concentrations of 
credit risks.
Exposure to credit risk 
The carrying amount of financial assets represents the maximum credit exposure. The maximum exposure to 
credit risk was Rs 23,616.97 and 19137.51 Lakhs as at 31 March 2026 and 31 March 2025 respectively, being the 
total of the carrying amount of balances with banks, short term deposits with banks, trade receivables, margin 
money and other financial assets.
a. Trade Receivables
The Group’s exposure to credit risk is influenced mainly by the individual characteristics of each customer. The 
demographics of the customer, including the default risk of the industry and country in which the customer 
operates, also has an influence on credit risk assessment. Credit risk is managed through credit approvals, 
establishing credit limits and continuously monitoring the creditworthiness of customers to which the group 
grants credit terms in the normal course of business. 
The total Trade Receivable as on 31 March 2026 is Rs 20,249.92 Lakhs and Rs 16,403.03 lakhs as on 31 
March 2025.
Particulars As at 
31 March 2026
As at 
Ended 31 March 2025
Neither Past Due nor Impaired 10,650.66 7258.23
Past Due but no Impaired
Less than 365 days 9,365.12 8970.32
More than 365 days 234.14 174.48
Credit Impaired 150.85 104.21
Less: Allowance for credit Losses (150.85) (104.21)
Total 20,249.92 16,403.03

--- page 191 ---
Annual Report -2026              
190
None of the group’s cash equivalents, including deposits with banks, were past due or impaired as at 31 March 
2026.
On account of adoption of Ind AS 109, the group uses Expected Credit Loss (ECL) model for assessing the 
impairment loss. For this purpose, it is weighted average of credit losses with the respective risks of default 
occurring as weights. The credit loss is the difference between all contractual cash flows that are due to an 
entity as per the contract and all the contractual cash flows that the entity expects to receive, discounted to the 
effective interest rate.
Reconciliation of allowance for credit losses
The details of changes in allowance for credit losses during the year ended 31 March 2026 and 31 March 2025 
are as follows:
Particulars As at 
31 March 2026
As at 
Ended 31 March 2025
Balance at the beginning of the year 104.21 72.70
Impairment of Trade receivables (104.21) 31.51
Balance at the end of the year - 104.21
Credit quality of financial assets and impairment loss 
The ageing of trade receivables as of balance sheet date is given in Note No 10. The age analysis has been 
considered from the due date.
B) Liquidity Risks 
Liquidity risk is the risk that the Group will encounter difficulty in meeting its obligations associated with 
financial liabilities. The Group consistently generates sufficient cash flows from operations and has access 
to multiple sources of funding to meet its financial obligations and maintain adequate liquidity for use. The 
Group’s objective is to maintain a balance between continuity of funding and flexibility through the use of bank 
overdrafts, bank loans, debentures, shareholder equity, and finance leases. 
The below table summarises group’s long-term debt that will mature in less than one year based on the 
carrying value of borrowings reflected in the financial statements.
Particulars As at 
31 March 2026
As at 
Ended 31 March 2025
Group’s Long-term debt 3403.09 3695.97
Group’s long-term debt that will mature in less than one 
year from the reporting period
289.04 285.44
9.28% 8.37%
The table below summarises the maturity profile of the Group’s financial liabilities based on contractual 
undiscounted payments.
Particulars Carrying Value On Demand 1 to 5 years > 5 years
As at 31 March 2026    
Long term borrowings 3403.09 289.04 3114.06 -
Other financial liabilities 918.74 918.74 - -
Trade payables 286.25 286.25 - -
Lease Liabilities 890.33 890.33 - -
Short term borrowings 14021.27 14021.27 - -
As at 31 March 2025     
Long term borrowings 3695.97 285.44 3410.53            -   
Other financial liabilities 1216.17 1216.17 -            -   
Trade payables 202.38 202.38 - -
Lease Liabilities 779.47 143.75 635.72
Short term borrowings 12412.38 12412.38 - -

--- page 192 ---
Annual Report -2026              
191
The Group has assessed the concentration of risk with respect to refinancing its debt and concluded it to be 
low. The Group has access to a sufficient variety of sources of funding and significant portion of short-term debt 
maturing within 12 months can be rolled over with existing lenders. The group believes that it has sufficient 
working capital and cash accruals to meet its business requirements and other obligations.
C) Market Risks 
Market risk is the risk that changes in market prices such as commodity prices risk, foreign exchange rates 
and interest rates which will affect the Group’s financial position. Market risk is attributable to all market risk 
sensitive financial instruments including foreign currency receivables and payables.
D) Foreign Currency Risk
Foreign currency risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of an exposure will fluctuate because 
of changes in foreign exchange rates. The Group’s exposure to the risk of changes in foreign exchange rates 
relates primarily to the Group’s operating activities (when revenue or expense is denominated in a foreign 
currency). Considering the countries and economic environment in which the Group operates, its operations 
are subject to risks arising from fluctuations in exchange rates in those countries.
Expenditure in Foreign Currency is as follows        
Particulars  For the Period Ended  
 31 March 2026
For the Period Ended  
 31 March 2025
FOB value of Imports - -   
Professional Fees -   -
Other Expenses -   -   
Total -   -
Earnings in Foreign Exchange
Particulars  For the Period Ended  
 31 March 2026
For the Period Ended  
 31 March 2025
FOB value of Imports - -   
Professional Fees -   -
Other Expenses -   -   
Total -   -
44.Capital Management 
The Group’s objective for capital management is to maximize shareholder wealth, safeguard business continuity 
and support the growth of the Group. The Group determines the capital management requirement based on 
annual operating plans and long term and other strategic investment plans. The funding requirements are met 
through equity, borrowings and operating cash flows required.
Particulars As at 
31 March 2026
As at 
Ended 31 March 2025
Total Debt 17,524.55 16,108.35
Total Equity 11,634.86 8,887.82
Debt to Equity Ratio 1.51:1 1.81:1
45.Corporate Social responsibility expenses
The CSR expenditure comprise of the following 
a. Gross Expenditure required to be spent during the financial year 2025-26 is Rs. 20 lakhs and Rs 8.84 lakhs 
of Previous Financial Year 2024-25.
b. Amount spent during the year is given below

--- page 193 ---
Annual Report -2026              
192
Particulars  For the Period Ended  
 31 March 2026
For the Period Ended  
 31 March 2025
Preventing Health care including preventive health care - -   
Slum Area Development- Development of r 
oads in slum areas
- -
Rural area development - -
Eradicating hunger, poverty and malnutrition,  
promoting education, including special  
education and employment enhancing vocation skills
20 8.84
Kasturba Gandhi National memorial trust -
20.00 8.84 
46. Micro Small and Medium Enterprises disclosure 
The following details relating to micro, small and medium enterprises shall be disclosed in the notes.
Particulars  For the Period Ended  
 31 March 2026
For the Period Ended  
 31 March 2025
The principal amount and the interest due thereon (to 
be shown separately) remaining unpaid to any supplier 
at the end of each accounting year;
81.24 26.01
The amount of interest paid by the buyer in terms of 
section 16 of the Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises 
Development Act, 2006 (27 of 2006), along with the 
amount of the payment made to the supplier beyond 
the appointed day during each accounting year;
- -
The amount of interest due and payable for the period 
of delay in making payment (which has been paid but 
beyond the appointed day during the year) but without 
adding the interest specified under the Micro, Small and 
Medium Enterprises Development Act, 2006;
- -
The amount of interest accrued and remaining unpaid 
at the end of each accounting year; and the amount of 
further interest remaining due and payable even in the 
succeeding years, until such date when the interest 
Dues above are actually paid to the small enterprise, for 
the purpose of disallowance of a deductible expenditure 
under section 23 of the Micro, Small and Medium 
Enterprises Development Act, 2006.
- -
Total 81.24 26.01
Note: The list of undertakings covered under MSMED Act was determined by the Group on the basis of 
information available with the group.
47. Leases             
The Group take lease contracts for buildings. The leases generally have lease terms between 3-5 years. The 
Group’s obligations under its leases are secured by the lessor’s title to the leased assets. Generally, the Group 
is restricted from assigning and sub-leasing the leased assets. There lease contracts that include extension and 
termination options, which are further discussed below.
The Group also has certain leases with lease terms of 12 months or less and leases with low value. The Group 
applies the ‘short-term lease’ and ‘lease of low-value assets’ recognition exemptions for these leases.
Refer Note 3 for details of carrying amounts of right-of-use assets recognised and the movements during the 
year. Set out below are the carrying amounts of lease liabilities (included under interest-bearing borrowings) 
and the movements during the year.

--- page 194 ---
Annual Report -2026              
193
Particulars  For the Period Ended  
 31 March 2026
For the Period Ended  
 31 March 2025
At the beginning of the year 779.47 205.86
Additions 274.87 736.43
Leases terminated (5.85) (4.30)
Accretion of interest 81.08 52.61
Payments Including Interest (239.24) 211.14
At the end of the year 890.33 779.47
Current 231.50 143.75
Non-current 658.83 635.72
The maturity analysis of lease liabilities is disclosed in Note 40.  The following are the amounts recognized in 
the statement of profit or loss:
The Group had total cash outflows for leases of Rs 239.24 Lakhs.
The Group has several lease contracts that include extension and termination options. These options are 
negotiated by management to provide flexibility in managing the leased-asset portfolio and align with the 
Group’s business needs. Management exercises significant judgement in determining whether these extension 
and termination options are reasonably certain to be exercised.  The effective interest rate for lease liabilities is 
9.75%, with maturity between 2029-30.
Particulars  For the Period Ended  
 31 March 2026
For the Period Ended  
 31 March 2025
Expense relating to leases of low-value assets 55.41 53.60
Expense relating to short-term leases 70.59 65.53
Variable lease payments - -
Total Lease Payments not considered as Lease payments 
under Ind AS 116
126.00 119.13
48.  Other statutory information:
a. The group does not have any Benami property, where any proceeding has been initiated or pending 
against the Group for holding any Benami property.
b. The group does not have any transactions with struck off companies.
c. The Group does not have any charges or satisfaction which is yet to be registered with ROC beyond the 
statutory period.
d. The group has not traded or invested in Crypto currency or Virtual Currency during the financial year.
e. The Group has not advanced or loaned or invested funds to any other person(s) or entity(ies), including 
foreign entities (Intermediaries) with the understanding that the Intermediary shall:
i. directly or indirectly lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or 
on behalf of the Group (Ultimate Beneficiaries) or
ii. provide any guarantee, security or the like to or on behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries.
f. The group has not received any fund from any person(s) or entity(ies), including foreign entities (Funding 
Party) with the understanding (whether recorded in writing or otherwise) that the group shall:
i. directly or indirectly lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or 
on behalf of the Funding Party (Ultimate Beneficiaries) or
ii. provide any guarantee, security or the like on behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries.

--- page 195 ---
Annual Report -2026              
194
g. The group has not entered into any transaction which is not recorded in the books of accounts that has 
been surrendered or disclosed as income during the year in the tax assessments under the Income Tax Act, 
1961 (such as, search or survey or any other relevant provisions of the Income Tax Act, 1961).
h. The Group has not been declared as wilful defaulter by any bank or financial institution or other lender.
i. The Group has complied with the number of layers prescribed under clause (87) of section 2 of the Act read 
with the Companies (Restriction on number of Layers) Rules, 2017.
j. No Scheme of Arrangements has been approved by the Competent Authority in terms of sections 230 to 
237 of the Companies Act, 2013, during the year.
k. The Group has borrowings from banks against security of its current assets. The reports or statements of 
Current assets filed by the Group with banks are in agreement with the books of accounts.
l. The borrowings obtained by the Group from banks and financial institutions have been applied for the 
purposes for which such loans were taken.

--- page 196 ---
Annual Report -2026              
195
49: Ratios as per schedule III requirements
Sl No Particulars FY 
2025-26
FY  
2024-25
%Change Items Included in  
Numerator
Items Included in  
Denominator
Reason for  
change
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
Current Ratio ( No of times)
Debt Equity Ratio (No of times)
Return on Equity Ratio ( No of times)
Trade Receivable Turnover Ratio (No of times)
Inventory Turnover Ratio (No of times)
Debt service coverage Ratio (No of times)
Trade Payable turnover Ratio (No of times)
Net Capital  turnover Ratio (No of times)
Net Profit Ratio %
Return on Capital employed (No of times)
  1.43 
1.51
0.27
 4.53 
 1.50 
0.92
3.05 
 10.39 
3.39%
 
0.27 
  1.36 
1.81
0.22
4.74 
 1.57 
1.19
 
3.73 
 11.66 
2.59%
 
0.21
5.12%
-16.89%
23.31%
-4.46%
-4.72%
-22.91%
-18.27%
-10.85%
30.98%
27.46%
Current Assets
Total Debt
Net profit after tax
Credit Sales
Raw Material consumed 
Earnings available for debt service
Cost of material Consumed
Revenue from Operations
Net profit after tax
Earnings before interest and 
taxes(EBIT) 
Current Liabilities
Share holdersEquity
Average Shareholders’s Equity
Average trade receivables
Average Inventory
Interest on borrowings + 
Repayment of borrowings
Average Trade Payable
Working capital
Revenue from Operations
Capital Employed(pre cash)
Due to increase in revenue 
and cost efficiency, resulted 
in profitability compared with 
the previous year.
Due to growth in EBIT for 
current year as compared to 
previous year.

--- page 197 ---
Annual Report -2026              
196
Notice of the Annual General Meeting
NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN THAT THE EIGHTEENTH (18TH) ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING (AGM) OF THE 
SHAREHOLDERS OF KAPSTON SERVICES LIMITED “COMPANY” WILL BE HELD ON THURSDAY, THE 
24TH DAY OF SEPTEMBER, 2026 AT 4.00 P .M. AT THE CORPORATE OFFICE OF THE COMPANY SITUATED 
AT PLOT NO 75, KAVURI HILLS, MADHAPUR, HYDERABAD, TELANGANA- 500034, TO TRANSACT THE 
FOLLOWING BUSINESS:
Ordinary Business:
1. To consider and adopt the Audited Financial Statements of the Company, both Standalone & 
Consolidated, for the year ended March 31, 2026 together with the Reports of the Board of Directors 
(‘the Board’) and Auditors thereon.
 
 To consider and, if thought fit, to pass with or without modification(s) the following resolution as an 
Ordinary Resolution:
  
 “RESOLVED THAT the Audited Financial Statements of the Company, both Standalone & Consolidated, 
for the financial year ended 31st March, 2026 and the reports of the Board of Directors and Auditors 
thereon laid before this meeting, be and are hereby considered and adopted.”
2. To appoint a Director in place of Dr. Ramachandra Naidu Cherredi (DIN: 02096757), who retires by 
rotation and being eligible, offers himself for re-appointment as a Director.      
 To consider and, if thought fit, to pass with or without modification(s) the following resolution as an 
Ordinary Resolution: 
 “RESOLVED THAT pursuant to provisions of Section 152 of the Companies Act, 2013, Dr. Ramachandra 
Naidu Cherredi (DIN: 02096757), who retires by rotation at this meeting be and is hereby appointed as a 
Director of the Company, liable to retire by rotation.”  
Special Business
3. To grant authorization to the Board to make any loan, investment or give guarantee or provide any 
security
       To consider and, if thought fit, to pass, with or without modification(s), the following Resolution as a 
Special Resolution:
 “RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Section 185 and 186 of the Companies Act, 2013 (“the 
Act”) and other applicable provisions of the Act and rules made there under (including any statutory 
modification thereof for the time being in force and as may be enacted from time to time), consent 
of the members of the Company be and is hereby accorded to the Board of Directors of the Company 
(hereinafter referred to as the “Board”, which term shall include any Committee constituted by the Board): 
i) to invest/acquire from time to time by way of subscription, purchase or otherwise, the securities of anybody 
corporate(s), which may or may not be subsidiary of the Company; and/or
ii)  to make/give from time to time any loan to any person or body corporate, which may or may not be 
subsidiary of the Company or to any persons; and/or 
iii) to give from time to time any guarantee and/ or provide any security to any person, body Corporate, Bank, 
Financial Institutions or any other Institution to secure any financial assistance of any nature availed or to 
be availed by any person or body Corporate, which may or may not be subsidiary of the Company or any 
other Institution; 
 up to an aggregated amount of which should not exceed at any given time 70 Crores notwithstanding 
that the aggregate loans, guarantees and securities to any bodies corporate and persons and investment 
in securities of any bodies corporate exceeds the limits specified under Section 186 of the Companies Act, 
2013, read with the applicable rules, circulars or clarifications thereunder. 

--- page 198 ---
Annual Report -2026              
197
 FURTHER RESOLVED THAT for the purpose of giving effect to this resolution, the Board of Directors 
be and are hereby authorised to negotiate and decide, from time to time, terms and conditions, execute 
necessary documents, papers, agreements etc, for investments to be made, loans/guarantees to be given 
and securities to be provided to any person and / or any body corporate, do all such acts, deeds, matters 
and things, as it may, in its absolute discretion, deem necessary, proper or desirable, settle any question, 
difficulty or doubt that it may arise in this regard and to delegate all or any of these powers to any 
Committee of Directors or Managing Director or Director or officer of the Company or any other person”.
For Kapston Services Limited 
Sd/-
K. Ramesha
Company Secretary 
M.No. A64963
 Place: Hyderabad
 Date: August 10, 2026 

--- page 199 ---
Annual Report -2026              
198
Notes
1. A shareholder entitled to attend and vote at the Annual General Meeting (AGM) is entitled to appoint a 
proxy to attend and vote on poll on behalf of him and the proxy need not be a member of the Company. 
The instrument of proxy in order to be effective, must be deposited at the Corporate Office of the Company, 
duly completed and signed, not less than 48 hours before the commencement of meeting. A person can 
act as proxy on behalf of shareholders not exceeding fifty (50) in number and holding in aggregate not 
more than 10% of the total share capital of the company. A member holding more than 10% of the total 
share capital of the Company carrying voting rights may appoint a single person as proxy and such person 
shall not act as a proxy of any other member.
2. In terms of the provisions of section 152 of the Companies Act, 2013, Dr. Ramachandra Naidu Cherredi 
(DIN: 02096757), Executive Director retires by rotation at the AGM. Board of Directors of the Company 
recommend his re-appointment.
 Details of Dr. Ramachandra Naidu Cherredi (DIN: 02096757), Executive Director, retiring by rotation/ 
seeking re-appointment at the ensuing meeting are provided in the “Annexure-A” to the Notice.
3. Corporate shareholders intending to send their authorized representatives to attend the AGM are requested 
to send a certified copy of the board resolution authorizing their representative to attend and vote on their 
behalf at the AGM. 
4. During the period beginning 24 hours before the time fixed for the commencement of the meeting and 
ending with the conclusion of the meeting, a member would be entitled to inspect the proxies lodged with 
the Company, at any time during the business hours of the Company, provided that not less than three 
days of notice in writing is given to the Company.
5. The register of directors and key managerial personnel and their shareholding maintained under Section 
170 of the Companies Act, 2013, and the register of contracts or arrangements in which directors are 
interested, maintained under Section 189 of the Companies Act, 2013, will be available for inspection by 
the members at the AGM. 
DISPATCH OF ANNUAL REPORT THROUGH ELECTRONIC MODE
6. Pursuant to Sections 101 and 136 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with the Rules framed thereunder and 
the MCA Circulars, the Notice calling the Annual General Meeting along with the Annual Report 2025-
26 would be sent by electronic mode to those Members whose e-mail addresses are registered with the 
Depository or the Company/RTA, unless the Members have requested for a physical copy of the same. 
Members are requested to support this Green Initiative by registering/updating their e-mail addresses 
with the Depository Participant. For any communication, the Members may also send requests to the 
Company’s email id: cs@kapstonservices.com.
7. In line with the Ministry of Corporate Affairs (MCA) Circular No. 17/2020 dated April 13, 2020, the Notice 
calling the AGM has been uploaded on the website of the Company at www.kapstonservices.com. The 
Notice can also be accessed from the website of the Stock Exchange i.e. National Stock Exchange of India 
Limited at www. nseindia.com respectively and the AGM Notice is also available on the website of Bigshare 
(i-vote)  (agency for providing the Remote e-Voting facility) i.e. https://ivote.bigshareonline.com
8. Pursuant to section 108 of the Companies Act, 2013, read with rule 20 of the Companies (Management and 
Administration) Rules, 2014 and regulation 44 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, the Company is pleased to offer voting by electronic means to the members to cast 
their votes electronically on all resolutions set forth in this notice. The detailed instructions for e-voting are 
given separately.
9. Shareholders/proxies are requested to bring their copies of the Annual Report to the AGM and the 
attendance slip duly filled in for attending the AGM. 
10. Shareholders are requested to intimate, immediately, any change in their address or bank mandates to 
their depository participants with whom they are maintaining their demat accounts. 
11.  Pursuant to the directions/notifications of Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI) and Depositories, 
the demat account holders can operate their accounts if they had already provided Income Tax Permanent 
Account Number either at the time of opening of the account or subsequently. In case they have not 

--- page 200 ---
Annual Report -2026              
199
furnished the Income Tax Permanent Account Number to the Depository Participants, such demat account 
holders are requested to contact their DPs with a photocopy of the PAN Card (with original PAN Card for 
verification), so that the frozen demat accounts would be available for operation and further consequences 
of non-compliance with the aforesaid directives would be obviated. SEBI, vide Circular ref.no. MRD/Dop/
Cir-05/2009 dated May 20, 2009 made it mandatory to have PAN particulars for registration of physical 
share transfer requests. Based on the directive contained in the said circulars, all share transfer requests 
are therefore to be accompanied with PAN details.
12.  Pursuant to section 72 of the Companies Act, 2013, members are entitled to make a nomination in respect 
of shares held by them. Members desirous of making a nomination, pursuant to the Rule 19(1) of the 
Companies (Share Capital and Debentures) Rules, 2014 are requested to send their requests in Form No. 
SH-13 to the Registrar and Transfer Agent of the Company. Further, members desirous of cancelling/
varying nomination pursuant to the Rule 19(9) of the  Companies (Share Capital and Debentures) Rules, 
2014, are requested to send their requests in Form No. SH-14, to the Registrar and Transfer Agent of the 
Company.
13.   All documents referred to in the accompanying notice will be available for inspection at the corporate 
office of the company during business hours on all working days till the date of AGM of the Company.
14.  In case of joint holders attending the AGM, the shareholder whose name appears as the first holder in the 
order of name appears as per the Register of Members of the Company will be entitled to vote.
15.  Route map to the venue of the AGM is published in the Annual Report.
By order of the Board
For Kapston Services Limited 
Sd/-
K. Ramesha
Company Secretary 
M.No. A64963
 Place : Hyderabad
 Date : August 10, 2026 
Registered Office 
Kapston Services Limited 
Plot No.287,MIG-2, IX Phase KPHB, 
Kukatpally, Hyderabad- 500072.
CIN : L15400TG2009PLC062658
Email: cs@kapstonservices.com
Website:www.kapstonservices.com 
Contact : +91 96 4050 4050

--- page 201 ---
Annual Report -2026              
200
Guidelines for Electronic Voting
Pursuant to provisions of Section 108 of the Companies Act, 2013, Rule 20 of the Companies (Management 
and Administration) Rules, 2014 and Regulation 44 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, the Company is pleased to provide e-voting facility to the shareholders to cast their vote 
on all resolutions set forth in the notice convening the 18th Annual General Meeting (AGM) to be held on 
Thursday, the 24th Day of September, 2026.  The Company has engaged the services of Bigshare Services 
Pvt Ltd to provide the e-voting facility.
Shareholders of the Company as on the cut-off date September 17, 2026 are entitled to vote on the resolutions 
set forth in this Notice. 
The e-voting period begins on September 21, 2026 at 09:00 A.M. and ends on September 23, 2026 at 05:00 
P .M. During this period, shareholders of the Company, as on the cut-off date may cast their vote electronically. 
The e-voting module shall be disabled by Bigshare Services Pvt Ltd for voting thereafter. Members will not be 
able to cast their votes electronically beyond the date and time mentioned above.
  
At the AGM, at the end of discussion on the resolutions on which voting is to be held, the Chairman, with the 
assistance of the scrutinizer, will order voting through ballot paper for all those shareholders who are present 
at the AGM but have not cast their votes electronically using the remote e-voting facility. 
The Company has appointed Mr. D S Rao, Practicing Company Secretary, Hyderabad, to act as the Scrutinizer, 
to scrutinize the electronic voting process and poll at the Annual General Meeting (AGM) in fair and transparent 
manner. The members desiring to vote through electronic mode may refer to the detailed procedure on 
e-voting given hereunder.
i. Shareholders who have already voted prior to the meeting date would not be entitled to vote at the 
meeting venue.
ii. Pursuant to SEBI Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/CMD/CIR/P/2020/242 dated 09.12.2020, under Regulation 44 
of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015, listed entities are required to provide remote e-voting facility to its shareholders, in respect of 
all shareholders’ resolutions. However, it has been observed that the participation by the public non-
institutional shareholders/retail shareholders is at a negligible level.
 Currently, there are multiple e-voting service providers (ESPs) providing e-voting facility to listed entities in 
India. This necessitates registration on various ESPs and maintenance of multiple user IDs and passwords 
by the shareholders.
 In order to increase the efficiency of the voting process, pursuant to a public consultation, it has been 
decided to enable e-voting to all the demat account holders, by way of a single login credential, through 
their demat accounts/ websites of Depositories/ Depository Participants. Demat account holders would be 
able to cast their vote without having to register again with the ESPs, thereby, not only facilitating seamless 
authentication but also enhancing ease and convenience of participating in e-voting process.
iii. In terms of SEBI circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/CMD/CIR/P/2020/242 dated December 9, 2020 on e-Voting 
facility provided by Listed Companies, Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode are 
allowed to vote through their demat account maintained with Depositories and Depository Participants. 
Shareholders are advised to update their mobile number and email Id in their demat accounts in order to 
access e-Voting facility.
1. Pursuant to above said SEBI Circular, Login method for e-Voting for Individual shareholders holding 
securities in Demat mode is given below:

--- page 202 ---
Annual Report -2026              
201
Type of 
shareholders
 Login Method
Individual Share-
holders holding 
securities in Demat 
mode with CDSL
1) Users who have opted for CDSL Easi / Easiest facility, can login through their 
existing user id and password. Option will be made available to reach e-Voting 
page without any further authentication. The URL for users to login to Easi/Easiest 
is https://web.cdslindia.com/myeasitoken/home/login or visit CDSL website www.
cdslindia.com and click on login icon & New System Myeasi Tab and then use your 
existing my easi username & password.
2) After successful login the Easi / Easiest user will be able to see the e-Voting option 
for eligible companies where the evoting is in progress as per the information 
provided by company. On clicking the evoting option, the user will be able to 
see e-Voting page of BIGSHARE the e-Voting service provider and you will be re-
directed to i-Vote website for casting your vote during the remote e-Voting period. 
Additionally, there is also links provided to access the system of all e-Voting Service 
Providers i.e. BIGSHARE, so that the user can visit the e-Voting service providers’ 
website directly.
3) If the user is not registered for Easi/Easiest, option to register is available at https://
web.cdslindia.com/myeasitoken/Registration/EasiRegistration 
4) Alternatively, the user can directly access e-Voting page by providing Demat 
Account Number and PAN No. from a link https://evoting.cdslindia.com/Evoting/
EvotingLogin The system will authenticate the user by sending OTP on registered 
Mobile & Email as recorded in the Demat Account. After successful authentication, 
user will be able to see the e-Voting option where the evoting is in progress, and 
also able to directly access the system of all e-Voting Service Providers. Click on 
BIGSHARE and you will be re-directed to i-Vote website for casting your vote during 
the remote e-voting period
ndividual Share-
holders holding 
securities in demat 
mode with NSDL
1) If you are already registered for NSDL IDeAS facility, please visit the e-Services 
website of NSDL. Open web browser by typing the following URL: https://eservices.
nsdl.com either on a Personal Computer or on a mobile. Once the home page of 
e-Services is launched, click on the “Beneficial Owner” icon under “Login” which 
is available under ‘IDeAS’ section. A new screen will open. You will have to enter 
your User ID and Password. After successful authentication, you will be able to 
see e-Voting services. Click on “Access to e-Voting” under e-Voting services and 
you will be able to see e-Voting page. Click on company name or e-Voting service 
provider name BIGSHARE and you will be re-directed to i-Vote website for casting 
your vote during the remote e-Voting period.
2) If the user is not registered for IDeAS e-Services, option to register is available at 
https://eservices.nsdl.com.  Select “Register Online for IDeAS “Portal or click   at 
https://eservices.nsdl.com/SecureWeb/IdeasDirectReg.jsp
3) Visit the e-Voting website of NSDL. Open web browser by typing the following 
URL: https://www.evoting.nsdl.com/ either on a Personal Computer or on a mobile. 
Once the home page of e-Voting system is launched, click on the icon “Login” 
which is available under ‘Shareholder/Member’ section. A new screen will open. 
You will have to enter your User ID (i.e. your sixteen digit demat account number 
hold with NSDL), Password/OTP and a Verification Code as shown on the screen. 
After successful authentication, you will be redirected to NSDL Depository site 
wherein you can see e-Voting page. Click on company name or e-Voting service 
provider name BIGSHARE and you will be redirected to i-Vote website for casting 
your vote during the remote e-Voting period.

--- page 203 ---
Annual Report -2026              
202
4) For OTP based login you can click on https://eservices.nsdl.com/SecureWeb/
evoting/evotinglogin.jsp. You will have to enter your 8-digit DP ID,8-digit Client Id, 
PAN No., Verification code and generate OTP . Enter the OTP received on registered 
email id/mobile number and click on login. After successful authentication, you 
will be redirected to NSDL Depository site wherein you can see e-Voting page with 
all e-Voting Service Providers. Click on BIGSHARE and you will be re-directed to 
i-vote (E-voting website) for casting your vote during the remote e-Voting period 
or joining virtual meeting & voting during the meeting..
Individual 
Shareholders 
(holding securities 
in demat mode) 
login through 
their Depository 
Participants
You can also login using the login credentials of your demat account through your 
Depository Participant registered with NSDL/CDSL for e-Voting facility.  After Successful 
login, you will be able to see e-Voting option. Once you click on e-Voting option, 
you will be redirected to NSDL/CDSL Depository site after successful authentication, 
wherein you can see e-Voting feature. Click on company name or e-Voting service 
provider name and you will be redirected to e-Voting service provider website for 
casting your vote during the remote e-Voting period.
Important note: Members who are unable to retrieve User ID/ Password are advised to use Forget User ID and 
Forget Password option available at abovementioned website.
Helpdesk for Individual Shareholders holding securities in demat mode for any technical issues related 
to login through Depository i.e. CDSL and NSDL
Login type Helpdesk details
Individual Shareholders holding 
securities in Demat mode with 
CDSL
Members facing any technical issue in login can contact CDSL  
helpdesk by sending a request at helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com 
or contact at 1800 22 55 33.
Individual Shareholders holding 
securities in Demat mode with 
NSDL
Members facing any technical issue in login can contact NSDL 
helpdesk by sending a request at evoting@nsdl.co.in or  
call at toll free no.: 022 4886 7000
2. Login method for e-Voting for shareholder other than individual shareholders holding shares in 
Demat mode & physical mode is given below:
• You are requested to launch the URL on internet browser: https://ivote.bigshareonline.com 
• Click on “LOGIN” button under the ‘INVESTOR LOGIN’ section to Login on E-Voting Platform.                             
• Please enter you ‘USER ID’ (User id description is given below) and ‘PASSWORD’ which is shared separately 
on you register email id.
• Shareholders holding shares in CDSL demat account should enter 16 Digit Beneficiary ID as user id.
• Shareholders holding shares in NSDL demat account should enter 8 Character DP ID followed by 
8 Digit Client ID as user id.
• Shareholders holding shares in physical form should enter Event No + Folio Number registered with 
the Company as user id.
Note: If you have not received any user id or password please email from your registered email id or contact 
i-vote helpdesk team. (Email id and contact number are mentioned in helpdesk section).
• Click on I AM NOT A ROBOT (CAPTCHA) option and login. 
• NOTE: If Shareholders are holding shares in demat form and have registered on to e-Voting system of 
https://ivote.bigshareonline.com  and/or voted on an earlier event of any company then they can use their 
existing user id and password to login.

--- page 204 ---
Annual Report -2026              
203
• If you have forgotten the password: Click on ‘LOGIN’ under ‘INVESTOR LOGIN’ tab and then Click on 
‘Forgot your password?
• Enter “User ID” and “Registered email ID” Click on I AM NOT A ROBOT (CAPTCHA) option and click 
on ‘Reset’.
(In case a shareholder is having valid email address, Password will be sent to his / her registered e-mail address).
Voting method for shareholders on i-Vote E-voting portal:
• After successful login, Bigshare E-voting system page will appear.
• Click on “VIEW EVENT DETAILS (CURRENT)” under ‘EVENTS’ option on investor portal.
• Select event for which you are desire to vote under the dropdown option.
• Click on “VOTE NOW” option which is appearing on the right hand side top corner of the page.
• Cast your vote by selecting an appropriate option “IN FAVOUR”, “NOT IN FAVOUR” or “ABSTAIN” and 
click on “SUBMIT VOTE”. A confirmation box will be displayed. Click “OK” to confirm, else “CANCEL” to 
modify. Once you confirm, you will not be allowed to modify your vote. 
• Once you confirm the vote you will receive confirmation message on display screen and also you will 
receive an email on your registered email id. During the voting period, members can login any number of 
times till they have voted on the resolution(s). Once vote on a resolution is casted, it cannot be changed 
subsequently.
• Shareholder can “CHANGE PASSWORD” or “VIEW/UPDATE PROFILE” under “PROFILE” option on 
investor portal.
3. Custodian registration process for i-Vote E-Voting Website:
• You are requested to launch the URL on internet browser: https://ivote.bigshareonline.com 
• Click on “REGISTER” under  “CUSTODIAN LOGIN” , to register yourself on Bigshare i-Vote e-Voting 
Platform.
• Enter all required details and submit.
• After Successful registration, message will be displayed with “User id and password will be sent via email 
on your registered email id”.
NOTE: If Custodian have registered on to e-Voting system of https://ivote.bigshareonline.com  and/or voted on 
an earlier event of any company then they can use their existing user id and password to login.
• If you have forgotten the password: Click on ‘LOGIN’ under ‘CUSTODIAN LOGIN’ tab and further Click on 
‘Forgot your password?
• Enter “User ID” and “Registered email ID” Click on I AM NOT A ROBOT (CAPTCHA) option and click 
on ‘RESET.
(In case a custodian is having valid email address, Password will be sent to his / her registered e-mail address).
Voting method for Custodian on i-Vote E-voting portal:
• After successful login, Bigshare E-voting system page will appear.
Investor Mapping:
• First you need to map the investor with your user ID under “DOCUMENTS” option on custodian portal.
• Click on “DOCUMENT TYPE” dropdown option and select document type power of attorney (POA).
• Click on upload document “CHOOSE FILE” and upload power of attorney (POA) or board resolution 
for respective investor and click on “UPLOAD”.
Note: The power of attorney (POA) or board resolution has to be named as the “InvestorID.pdf” (Mention 
Demat account number as Investor ID.)
• Your investor is now mapped and you can check the file status on display. 
                

--- page 205 ---
Annual Report -2026              
204
Investor vote File Upload:
• To cast your vote select “VOTE FILE UPLOAD” option from left hand side menu on custodian portal.
• Select the Event under dropdown option.
• Download sample voting file and enter relevant details as required and upload the same file under upload 
document option by clicking on “UPLOAD”. Confirmation message will be displayed on the screen and 
also you can check the file status on display (Once vote on a resolution is casted, it cannot be changed 
subsequently). 
• Custodian can “CHANGE PASSWORD” or “VIEW/UPDATE PROFILE”  under “PROFILE” option on 
custodian portal.
Helpdesk for queries regarding e-voting:
Login type Helpdesk details
Shareholder‘s other than 
individual shareholders holding 
shares in Demat mode & 
Physical mode.
In case shareholders/ investor have any queries regarding E-voting, you 
may refer the Frequently Asked Questions (‘FAQs’) and i-Vote e-Voting 
module available at https://ivote.bigshareonline.com, under download 
section or you can email us to ivote@bigshareonline.com or  
call us at: 022-62638338
General Instructions:
i. The voting rights of Members shall be in proportion to the shares held by them in the paid up equity share 
capital of the Company as on September 17, 2026.
ii. The Scrutinizer, after scrutinizing the votes cast at the meeting through ballot papers during AGM and after 
taking into consideration the e-voting will, not later than 48 hours from the conclusion of the Meeting, 
make a consolidated scrutinizer’s report and submit the same to the Chairman. The results declared 
along with the consolidated scrutinizer’s report shall be placed on the website of the Company www.
kapstonservices.com  and on the website of Stock Exchange (NSE).
iii. The voting result will be announced by the Chairman or any other person authorized by him within two 
days of the AGM.

--- page 206 ---
Annual Report -2026              
205
1. Annexure-A        to Item 2 pursuant to Secretarial Standards-2 issued by the Institute of Company 
Secretaries of India, information about the director who is seeking re-appointment by rotation:
A Name Dr. Ramachandra Naidu Chereddi
Directors Identification Number 02096757
B Brief Resume Resume is given in the Corporate Governance 
Report forming part of Annual Report.
i) Age 76 Years (01-02-1950)
ii) Qualification Retd. IPS MA in Sociology and a Doctorate in 
Commerce & Management.
iii) Experience (including expertise in specif-
ic functional area/Brief Resume)
He joined the Police Services as a Deputy 
Superintendent of Police in the year 1977 and 
retired in the year 2007 as Inspector General of 
Police. He is acting as Director of the Company 
since 2018.
iv) Date of initial appointment on the Board 
of the Company 
22.02.2018
C Names of other companies in which he is 
acting as Director
CAP WORKFORCE DEVELOPMENT INSTITUTE 
PRIVATE LIMITED
D Name(s) of other companies in which com-
mittee Membership(s)/Chairperson held as 
on date
Nil
E Shareholding in the Company 19,23,600 Equity Shares as on June 30, 2026
F Relationships between other Directors 
Inter-se
No relationship with other directors.
G Nature of appointment (appointment / 
re-appointment)
Retires by rotation and offers himself for 
re-appointment.
H Terms and Conditions of appointment / 
re-appointment
Appointment as Executive Chairman of the 
Company
I Remuneration last drawn by such person, if 
applicable and remuneration sought to be 
paid
Remuneration last drawn Rs. 15,00,000   
Per Annum.
J The number of Meetings of the Board at-
tended during the year
5 out of 5

--- page 207 ---
Annual Report -2026              
206
EXPLANATORY STATEMENT PURSUANT TO SECTION 102(1) OF THE COMPANIES ACT, 2013 FORMING 
PART OF THE NOTICE
Item No: 3
To grant authorization to the Board to make loan, investment or give guarantee or provide any security 
In terms of the provisions of Section 185 and 186 of the Companies Act, 2013 and rules made thereunder, 
no Company shall directly or indirectly, without prior approval by means of special resolution passed at a 
general meeting, give any loan to any person or other body corporate or give guarantee or provide security 
in connection with a loan to any other body corporate or person and acquire by way of subscription, purchase 
or otherwise the securities of any other body corporate, exceeding Sixty percent of its paid up capital, free 
reserves and securities premium account or one hundred percent of its free reserves and securities premium 
account, whichever is more. 
The Company has acquired or formed various subsidiaries in India, wherein, the Company is holding investment. 
Such subsidiaries require support from the Company from time to time in the form of investment, loans, 
providing security and guarantee for their expansion activities as well as for their operations. The Company in 
the course of its business operations may need:
i. to invest/acquire from time to time by way of subscription, purchase or otherwise, the securities of any 
body corporate(s), which may or may not be subsidiary of the Company; and/or 
ii. to make/give from time to time any loan to any person or body corporate, which may or may not be 
subsidiary of the Company or to any persons; and/or 
iii. to give from time to time any guarantee and/or provide any security to any person, body Corporate, Bank, 
Financial Institutions or any other Institution to secure any financial assistance of any nature availed or to 
be availed by any person or body Corporate, which may or may not be subsidiary of the Company or any 
other Institution;
up to an aggregated amount of which should not exceed at any given time Rs. 70 Crores notwithstanding that 
the aggregate loans, guarantees and securities to any bodies corporate and persons and investment in securities 
of any bodies corporate exceeds the limits specified under Section 185 and 186 of the Companies Act, 2013, 
read with the applicable rules, circulars or clarifications thereunder. The investment(s), loan(s), guarantee(s) and 
security (ies) as the case may be, shall be made in accordance with the applicable provisions of the Companies 
Act, 2013 and relevant rules made thereunder. 
Hence, consent of the Members is being sought by way of a special resolution to make investment or to give 
loan/ guarantee or provide security to other body corporate or person or entity up to Rs. 70 Crores, as set out 
at item No. 3 of this Notice.
None of the Directors and / or Key Managerial Personnel of the Company and their relatives are in any way 
concerned or interested, financially or otherwise, in the resolution set out at Item No. 3 in the notice. 
Your Directors recommend the resolution as Item No. 3 for your approval as a Special Resolution.

--- page 208 ---
Annual Report -2026              
207
Kapston Services Limited 
CIN: L15400TG2009PLC062658
Registered office: Plot No.287, MIG-2, IX Phase KPHB, Kukatpally, 
Hyderabad, Telangana-500072.
Corporate office: Plot No.75,Kavuri Hills, Madhapur, Hyderabad-500034.
 E-mail : cs@kapstonservices.com   Website : www.kapstonservices.com 
Attendance slip for Annual General Meeting 
(To be surrendered at the venue of the meeting)
I hereby state that I am a registered shareholder/proxy/representative for the registered shareholder(s) of the 
company. I hereby record my presence at the 18th Annual General Meeting of the company held on Thursday, 
the 24th Day of September, 2026 at 04.00 P .M. at the Corporate Office of the Company situated at Plot No 75, 
Kavuri Hills, Madhapur, Hyderabad, Telangana - 500034.
DP ID* Regd. Folio No.
Client ID* No. of Shares
*Applicable if shares are held in electronic form.
Name & Address of the Shareholder
_____________________________________
Signature of Shareholder/Proxy/ 
                    
Representative (Please Specify)
Note:  
1. Shareholders/proxy holders are requested to bring the attendance slips with them duly completed when 
they come to the meeting and hand them over at the gate, affixing their signature on them.
2. Shareholders are informed that no duplicate attendance slips will be issued at the venue of the meeting.

--- page 209 ---
Annual Report -2026              
208
Kapston Services Limited 
CIN: L15400TG2009PLC062658
Registered office: Plot No.287, MIG-2, IX Phase KPHB, Kukatpally, 
Hyderabad, Telangana-500072.
Corporate office: Plot No.75, Kavuri Hills, Madhapur, Hyderabad-500034.
 E-mail: cs@kapstonservices.com   Website: www.kapstonservises.com   
Form No.MGT-11
Proxy Form
(Pursuant to Section 105(6) of the Companies Act, 2013 and Rule 19(3) of the Companies  
(Management and Administration) Rules, 2014.
CIN L15400TG2009PLC062658
Name of the Company Kapston Services Limited 
Registered Office Plot No.287, MIG-2, IX Phase KPHB, Kukatpally,  
Hyderabad, Telangana-500072.
Name of the Member(s)
Registered Address
E-mail Id DP ID
I / We, holding ______ shares of Kapston Services Limited, hereby appoint
1. Name: ________________________________________________________________________
  Address: ______________________________________________________________________
 Email Id:______________________________________________________________________
 Signature: _________________________________________________or falling him/her
2.  Name: ________________________________________________________________________
  Address: ______________________________________________________________________
 Email Id:______________________________________________________________________
 Signature: _________________________________________________or falling him/her
3. Name: ________________________________________________________________________
  Address: ______________________________________________________________________
 Email Id:______________________________________________________________________
 Signature: _________________________________________________or falling him/her

--- page 210 ---
Annual Report -2026              
209
as my / our proxy to attend and vote (on a poll) for me / us and on my / our behalf at the 18th AGM of the com-
pany to be held on Thursday, the 24th Day of September, 2026 at 04.00 P .M. at the venue of AGM i.e Corporate 
office: Plot No. 75, Kavuri Hills, Madhapur, Hyderabad-500034 and at any adjournment thereof in respect of 
such resolutions as are indicated below:
Resolution 
Number
Description Vote (optional see note2)  
(please mention no of shares
For Against
Ordinary Business
1 To consider and adopt the Audited Financial 
Statements of the Company, both Standalone & 
Consolidated, for the year ended March 31, 2026 
together with the Reports of the Board of Directors 
(‘the Board’) and Auditors thereon.
2 To appoint a Director in place of Dr. Ramachandra 
Naidu Cherredi (DIN: 02096757), who retires by 
rotation and being eligible, offers himself for re-
appointment as a Director.      
Special Business
3. To grant authorization to the Board to make any loan, 
investment or give guarantee or provide any security
Affix
Revenue
Stamp
Signed this ……………............….. day of ……………….. 2026
Signature of the shareholder: ________________________________
Signature of Proxy holder(s): _________________________________
Note: 
1. This form in order to be effective should be duly completed and deposited at the Corporate Office of the 
company not less than 48 hours before the commencement of the Meeting.
2. It is optional to indicate your preference. If you leave the for, against column blank against any or all 
resolutions, your proxy will be entitled to vote in the manner as he/she may deem appropriate.

--- page 211 ---
Annual Report -2026              
210
ROUTE MAP OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING VENUE
Scan QR for Route Map

--- page 212 ---
Annual Report -2026              
211

--- page 213 ---
Annual Report -2026              
212
REGISTERED OFFICE: # 287, MIG - 2, IX Phase, KPHB, 
Hyderabad, Telangana - 500 072, Ph: 98487 78241 
CORPORATE OFFICE: Plot # 75, Kavuri Hills, 
Madhapur, Hyderabad, Telangana - 500034, Ph: 98487 78243 
Control Room: +91 96 4050 4050 (24x7) 
Email: contact@kapstonservices.com 
Website: www.kapstonservices.com