

--- page 1 ---
May 16, 2025 
To, 
The Manager 
Listing Department 
BSE Limited (“BSE”) 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Fort 
Mumbai —400 001 
Scrip Code: 541974 
INE0OVMO01036 ISIN 
To, 
The Manager 
Listing Department 
“Exchange Plaza”, C/1; Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), 
Mumbai —400 051 
Symbol: MANORAMA 
ISIN: INEOOYMO01036 
Manorama 
Industries Limited 
KHASRA No. - 2449-2610, 
Parswani Road, Near 
Birkoni Industrial Area, 
Mahasamund (C.G.)- 493445 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited (“NSE”) 
Subject: Disclosure under Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 - Transcript of Q4 & F.Y. 2025-2026 Results Earnings 
Conference Call held on Tuesday, May 12, 2026. 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
In reference to our intimation dated May 06, 2026, and pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Securities and 
Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, we 
would like to inform you that the Company had organised an Earnings Conference Call with respect to 
Q4 & F.Y. 2025-2026 Results on Tuesday, May 12, 2026 at 01:00 P.M. (IST). 
A copy of transcript of Q4 & F.Y. 2025-2026 earnings conference call is enclosed herewith and the 
same has also been uploaded on the Company's website at https://manoramagroup.co.in/investors- 
company-announcements#analyst_meet 
This is for your information and records. 
Thanking You, 
For Manorama Industries Limited /- - 
Deepak Sharma 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
Membership No: A48707 ¥ 
Corporate Office: 
F-6, Anupam Nagar, Raipur-492007, Chhattisgarh, India 
E-mail: info@manoramagroup.co.in Tel.: +91-771-2283071, 2282457 
Telefax: +91-771-4056958 CIN: L15142MH2005PLC243687 GSTIN: 22AAECM3726C1Z1 
Certifications: 
TS0 9001, ISO 14001 & ISO 45001, Certified Company Manufacturing & Supplying different products 
Certified for RSPO, Kosher, Halal (MUI), EcoVadis Committed badge certified & Sedex SMETA 4-Pillar Certified A Government of India Recognized Star Export House 
MSME ZED GOLD 
Registered Office: 
701,7th Floor, Bonanza Building, 
Sahar Plaza, Complex 
Andheri Kurla Road, Andheri ‘Mumbai-400059, Maharashtra, India 
Tel. 02249743611, 02267088148 WWW.manoramagroup.co.in 
GSTIN-27AAECM3726C1ZR

--- page 2 ---
MANORAMA INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
“Manorama Industries Limited 
Q4 and FY 26 Earnings Conference Call” 
May 12,2026 
MANORAMA 
INI IMITED 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ASHISH SARAF — CHAIRMAN & MANAGING 
DIRECTOR — MANORAMA INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
MR. ASHOK JAIN — DIRECTOR & CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER — MANORAMA INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
MR. PANKAJ RATHI - DGM ACCOUNTS & FINANCE — 
MANORAMA INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
MRS. EKTA SONI — ASSOCIATE VICE PRESIDENT, 
INVESTOR RELATIONS — MANORAMA INDUSTRIES 
LIMITED 
MR. DEEPAK SHARMA — COMPANY SECRETARY & 
COMPLIANCE OFFICER — MANORAMA INDUSTRIES 
LIMITED 
MODERATOR: MR. HIRAL KENIYA-EY LLP 
Page 1 0f 18

--- page 3 ---
MANORAMA Manorama Indusiries Limited 
May 12, 2026 INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Manorama Industrics Limited Q4 and 
FY 26 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only 
mode, and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Shotid you need assistance duwring the conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing star, then zero on your touch-tone phone. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Hiral 
Keniya from EY. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Hiral Keniya: ‘Thank you, Shailendra. Good afternoon, everyone. On behalf of Manorama Industries Limited, 
Iwelcome you all to the company's Q4 and FY 26 conference call to discuss the performance 
of the company and to answer your questions, we have with us the management team 
comprising of Mr. Ashish Saraf, Chairman and Managing Director; Mr. Ashok Jain, Director 
and Chief Financial Officer: Mr. Pankaj Rathi, DGM, Accounts and Finance; Mrs. Ekta Soni, 
AVP, Investor Relations; and Mr. Deepak Sharma, Company Secretary and Compliance 
Officer. 
Before we proceed this call, I would like to draw your attention to the fact that today's 
discussion may contain forward-looking statements that are subject to various risks, 
uncertainties and other factors. which will be beyond management's control. We kindly request 
to bear in mind that there might be uncertaintics while interpreting such statements. Please 
note that this conference is being recorded. 
We would now like to start the session with opening remarks from the management team. 
Afterwards, we will open the floor for an interactive Q&A session. I would now hand over the 
conference call to Ashish Ji for his opening remarks, Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Ashish Saraf: Thank you, Hiral Ji. Good aftemoon, friends. On behalf of the entire Manorama Industrics 
team, Textend a warm welcome to our Q4 and FY 2026 carnings conference call. We sincerely 
thank cach of our investors, stakeholders, analysts for your continued trust and participation. 
Your deep confidence in our long-term vision is a source of great motivation for us, and we 
remain committed to delivering a sustained and quality value as we enter the next phase of our 
growth journey and as we have done in our last many years of performance. 
FY 2026 has been a year of exceptional performance. Manorama Industries has delivered an 
exceptional performance in 2026. Despite thes headiwinds, we have reported a strong year-on- 
year revenue growth of 76.1% with stand-alone revenues reaching INR 1,358 crores. This 
excellence in performance is a testament to the resilience of our integrated value chain, the 
global relevance of our specialty fats and coco butter equivalents and the sustained and 
growing demand we continue to witness across the food and cosmetic sectors worldwide 
through our scientific and high-tech products, which are being used all over the world. We aim 
to maintain this momentum supported by sustained demand visibility, improved operational 
cfficicncy and enhanced manufacturing capacity. We plan to reach to every human on this 
carth. During FY 26, we undertook capacity upgrades to power this next phase of growth. 
Our solvent fractionation plant 2 increased installed capacity by 30% from 25,000 tons per 
annum to 32,500 tons per annum as part of an overall debottlenceking initiative. For Solvent 
Page 2 of 18

--- page 4 ---
MANORAMA Manorama Indusiries Limited 
May 12, 2026 INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
fractionation plant 1 of 15,000 metric tons, a similar debottlenceking initiative will be taken in 
this fiscal year. 
Through strategic capital expenditure commitment of approximately INR 460 crores over the 
next two to three years, this investment program spans setting up of a new solvent 
fractionation manufacturing facility for Sal, Shea, Palm, Mango and other exotic seeds and 
ESOS. Establishment of a new facility for cocoa butter alternatives, expansion of our refining 
capabilities with additional 200 tons per day refinery, commissioning of raw material 
processing units in Burkina Faso, West Africa. 
These initiatives reflect our focus in the long-term global opportunity and our commitment to 
deepening our competitiveness, seowing reliable long-term supply and reinforcing the 
foundation for sustained growth. Our financial remains healthy as of March 31, 2026. Working 
capital cyele improved to approximately 125 days in FY 26 compared to 151 days in FY 125. 
Net cash flow from operating activities stood at INR 259 crores, ROCE of 33.6% and ROE of 
40.3%. At Manorama Industrics, our aim is clear to strengthen every growth lever within our 
integrated value chain from procurement and processing to high-tech innovation with scientific 
global customer partnerships based on rescarch and deep tech development. With that, I will 
now hand over to our Chicf Financial Officer, Mr. Ashok Jain to walk you through the 
financial and operational highlights for the quarter and the full year. Thank you all. 
Ashok Jain: Thank you, Ashish Sir, and good afternoon, everyone. I will take you through our financial 
performance for the Q4 and FY 2025-26. 
Full financial year '25-26 financial highlights. 
Manorama Industries delivered excellent financial performance in FY '25-26 with all key 
‘metrics reflecting operational execution and business momentuny 
Stand-alone reveme INR 1,357 crores, up 76.1% year-on-year driven by volume growth and 
improved product mix. 
EBITDA INR 367.7 crores with an EBITDA margin of 27.1%, reflecting focused product mix 
optimization and disciplined cost management. 
Profit after tax INR 233.2 crores, translating to a PAT margin of 17.2%. 
Operating cash flow INR 259.4 crore. 
Our performance of Q4, FY '25-26 is as follows: 
Stand-alone revenue INR 382.3 crore, 
EBITDA INR 1029 crores with a margin of 26.9%. 
Profit after tax INR 59.5 crores, translating to a margin of 15.6%. 
Forcign exchange position and mark-to-maket 
During the quarter, duc to adverse currency fluctuation, restlted in the company recognizing a 
mark-to-matket provision of INR 17.05 crores on a stand-alone basis on forward contract 
antered into accordance with the as per foreign exchange hedging policy. The cunmilative mark- 
to-market provision for the financial year stand at INR 23.3 crores. The company also recorded 
Page 3 0f 18

--- page 5 ---
MANORAMA Manorama Indusiries Limited 
May 12, 2026 INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
forcign exchange income INR 9.47 crores during the quarter. Consequently, the net forcign 
exchange loss for the quarter amounted to INR 7.58 crores on a stand-alone basis. 
Balance sheet and return ratios: 
The company’s stand-alone balance sheet continues to reflect financial strength and discipline. 
Net debt and equity ratio is 0.38:1 as of 31st March 2026. 
Return on equity 40.3% as of 31st March 2026. 
Return on capital employed, ROCE, 33.6% as on 31st March 2026. 
The Working capital days also reduced to 125 days for FY 25-26 from 151 days in FY 24- 
125, reflecting continued focus on working capital efficiency. 
Capital allocation and strategic outlook: 
Our ongoing capacity, debottlenceking and expansion, along with strategic capex investment 
across India and Aftica. We are fully aligned with our long-term ambition to our global 
footprint and strengthen our position in the specialty fats and butter matket. 
We will continue to allocate capital with discipline prioritizing investment that gencrate high 
return and strengthen our competitive moat globally. 
‘That concludes our remarks. We will open the floor for question and answers. Thank you. 
Moderator Thank you very much, we will now begin the question and answer session. Anyone who 
wishes to ask a question may press star and 1 on their telephone. If you wish to remove your 
cell from question queue, you may press star and 2. Participants are requested to use handset 
while asking a question. Ladics and Genflemen, we will wait for a moment while the question 
queuc assembles. 
‘The first question is from the line of Mr. Akash from Sahasrar Capital. 
Akash: Hello, Congrats to the team Manorama on the fantastic result. The question that I had was 
regarding the processing plant capex that we are doing in Burkina Faso. Like, what is the 
capex? What will be the capacity and how will it help us in the margin expansion? 
Ekta Soni: Hi. Thank you for the question. The Burkina Faso project, which is a backward integration, 
part of the project for the company's next capex plan. So, we arc envisaging these cxpenses or 
capex amount of around INR 120 odd crores towards our Burkina Faso project, which should 
be climinating our logistic costs, which we cumently buy on the seeds perspective. Going 
forward, it will be on the butter perspective, which is approximately 45%-60% of the raw 
‘material. 
Accordingly, we are going to save the logistic cost, freight cost on our seed import from West 
African countries. And also it is going to improve the efficicncy and the yicld format also on 
the butter content, So, we are very hopeful of making a sustainable margin, and it should 
reflect in our numbers going forward 
Moderator: ‘The next question is from Akhil Parekh from 360 One Capital. 
Akhil Parekh: Thanks for the opportunity and congratulations on extremely good set of mumbers and one 
kind of standout in the result has been your working capital improvement and operating cash 
Page 4 of 18

--- page 6 ---
MANORAMA INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
Ekta Soni: 
Akhil Parekh: 
Ekta Soni: 
Akhil Parekh: 
Ekta Soni: 
Akhil Parekh: 
Manorama Industries Limited 
May 12, 2026 
flow generation, so given that we are going to go in capex mode again for next one, two years, 
how do we sce this whole operating cash flow and free cash flow gencration? And second is 
the working capital, i this working capital kind of sustainable for next few years or we might 
sce some pressure basically as we move ahead. Yes, that is my first question? 
The company has delivered a very strong positive operating cash flow also of approximately 
around INR 260 crores during the year, which is actually a significant achicvement and an 
important milestone for the business. Yes, we arc going to spend the capex of around INR460 
crores over the next two to three years, but that will be held in a phased manner. Our ongoing 
capacity, which is there are yet to be fully utilized, and we expect a better operational 
cfficicncy in the coming years. 
We are not expecting any downward pressure on the margin from the current level. Anything 
adverse, which we'll be, you know, updating to our sharcholders accordingly on a quarter-to- 
quarter basis. We have generated a vary good operating cash flow also and the management 
consider this to be one of the key highlights in the performance, and we remain confident of 
maintaining this working capital days and inventory days which we have reported this quarter. 
Sure. Is very good to hear. We maintained a margin guidance of 25%-27% and the cash 
conversion cycle which we clocked in FY 26, broadly should be in line for next one, two years 
basically. 
Yes. The company aims to maintain, all the financial parameters going forward as well. Any 
headwinds, we will be updating you, on a quarter-to-quarter basis. As of now, we are likely 
aiming to maintain and sustain these levels. 
Sccond, on the growth guidance, like, how should one look at it, top-line growth for next 
couple of years, given that the capacity additions which we are doing and margins you have 
already highlighted, if on top-line growth, if you can share some color? 
Yes. Sce, the outlook for FY 27 remains strongly positive on the top-linc front as well. It is, 
you know, driven clearly by the structural growth levers already which are there in the motion. 
So if we talk about the stuctwal levers, there is capacity cxpansion in terms of 
debottlenceking. So our existing capacity are in the mode of pre-debottlenecking, for which 
one plant we already have done the debottlenceking and the output has been increased to 30% 
on our 25,000 metric ton plant and we have been continuously increasing the value-added 
portion on our product mix as well. Overall, the financial year 2027 is expected to be a very 
g00d growth year for revemues for the company, with growth primarily volume-led driven and 
some price realization benefit also structurally driven by the capacity expansion. 
Also we are diversifying globally also, getting into the global market, international market also 
with our increasing valuc-added product mix. We are very hopeful and confident of having a 
very good strong growth year for FY 127 as well. 
Sure. Just to I mean, if you can give a broad range, like is it fair to assume 25% plus growth 
can continue given that we have grown at almost 60% CAGR for last 3 years and now our base 
s also high. Would 25%-30% will be a right metric in terms of growth rate? 
Page 50f 18

--- page 7 ---
MANORAMA INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
Ekta Soni: 
Akhil Parekh: 
Ekta Soni: 
Moderator: 
Bharat Sheth: 
Ekta Soni: 
Bharat Sheth: 
Ekta Soni: 
Manorama Industries Limited 
May 12, 2026 
That is the company aim also. We see our capacity also to be fully utilized. The company is 
totally driven by and working very hard to achieve the growth which you have mentioned 
currently. We are very confident on the business balance to achicve that kind of a growth given 
our coming capacities which will be there. We are very hopeful and constructive on the growth 
as well. 
Sure. Just one last question, if I can squeeze in. Given that we are doing backward integration 
in Burkina Faso, right? We all know there arc cettain political currency and those kind of risk 
involved in Africa. Anything you can share, like what are your thoughts on it and how are we 
hedged against those kind of risks basically? 
Sce, for that, its a govemment-backed project also because we have signed an MoU, 
Memorandum of Understanding, with the government of Burkina Faso. Anything politically 
will be not affecting the project what we are going to put up there. It is going to, also, you 
know, put the money into the livelihood of the forest dwellers of West Africa. 
Given the parlance metrics of the business, if the political uncertainty or insecurity, it does not 
really affect our operation in Affica. It is a government-backed project for which we have 
already signed the MoU with government of Butkina Faso. We are being very clear on it as 
well. We have done some meaningful upgrades and status we have done in that project as well. 
‘The next question is from Mr. Bharat Sheth from Quest Investment Advisors Private Limited. 
Congratulations, whole Manorama team for excellent performance. So just to get some sense 
that this working capital despite our inventory has gone up reasonably high. So I have some 
idea whether it finished goods or raw material? And how should we look despite we have 
gencrated good free cash flow. So how should we look at it in future and then going further? 
So basically, sir, 45%-50% is the raw material cost in our business. And whatever inventory 
we report in the current fiscal year towards the end of this balance sheet year is the base to 
gencrate the revenue of the coming year. Currently, the company's total inventory stood at 
approximately INR 710 crores. The inventory is well aligned with the scale of operations, and 
it supports the integrated global supply chain and expanding business requirements. 
‘The breakup of the inventory is, out of this INR710 crores of inventory, raw material inventory 
s around INR 420 crores. The finished goods inventories arc around INR 260 crores. The 
others co-products and WIPs, the work-in-progress products are around INR 30 crores. This is 
the breakup of our inventory levels. 
Sorry, I missed your carlier remark. I joined little later. That, this capex that is around INR 
400+ crores that we have announced, if you can give lttle broader color and how do we think 
that can, I mean, help us in improving a top line as well as EBITDA side, if you can give more 
color? 
So sir, we have been making progress on this INR 460 crores. So if I can explain for this 
project, we already have spent around INR 52 crores out of which INR 16 crores is the work in 
progress towards capex investment. And we already have acquired the land also for Indian 
Page 6 of 18

--- page 8 ---
MANORAMA INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
Bharat Sheth: 
Ekta Soni: 
Bharat Sheth: 
Ekta Soni: 
Bharat Sheth: 
Ekta Soni: 
Bharat Sheth: 
Ekta Soni: 
Bharat Sheth: 
Moderator: 
Bharat Sheth: 
Moderator: 
Ekta Soni: 
Manorama Industries Limited 
May 12, 2026 
plant. The project 1 is a forward integration process, which includes the CBA plant and the 
solvent fractionation 3 plant of 75,000 tons. This will convert our soft fractions olein into the 
bard fractions. This is the one project which will include the CBA plant, fractionation plant, 
and also the refinery plant of 90,000 metric tons per annum. 
So this forward integration, if you can give. Sorry, you are saying - please continue. .. 
Sir, because these projects are at different stage of implementation and rmp-up and the 
company is focused on maintaining the disciplined capital allocation also because we have 
given our earlier communication towards we are expecting more than 6x of asset turn on our 
forward integration project, which is around INR 330-340 Crores of the tofal capex amount. 
And that - this forward integration is what you said something I missed i, sorry. 
Its a CBA ESOS plant and the solvent fractionation 3 plant along with the refinery plant - it is 
there on our outcome also. If you want to have more details on it, you can go through the 
presentation uploaded with respect to the capex announced also. 
And this forward integration is a more value aceretive or in EBITDA term or if you can, when 
i's very high, I mean, asset tunover. How do we think about it? 
The idea and the intention and the aim, of course, is to create a better accretive numbers in 
terms of top lines and margins. We can comment you that it will be having the same kind of 
potential margins in the business which we arc reporting currently, or even it could be 
potentially better once we ramp up, get into a fully optimized product, get into a better product 
mix as well. 
That we are going to communicate to you and update you quarter-to-quarter, because these 
projects are being set up in a phased manner. But these projects what we are setting up are 
going to be giving a good aceretive on terms of value margins and also top lines as well. 
Okay, great. When do we expect that, to commission those, phase manner, I mean, project? 
All our projects are targeted to be commissioned by the financial year 128, in that particular 
way. That is how we arc targeting it to spend. It is like two-three year window, we are 
targeting to complete it. 
Is it fair understanding. .2 
Mr. Bharat Sheth Sir, if we can request you to come in back in the queue. 
Tjust want to understand the cash flow part of it. I mean, funding part. 
Mr. Bharat Sir, please go ahcad, ma'am. 
From a financial strength perspective, yes, we have a fice cash Fixed Deposit of around INR 
130 crores. We already have spent INR 52 crores on the project, and we are providing, as of 
now, the internal funding support for the planned expansion program. Anything, if we are 
Page 7 of 18

--- page 9 ---
MANORAMA Manorama Indusiries Limited 
May 12, 2026 INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
targeting for any external financing, we will update you accordingly, but as of now, we have 
started funding our project through internal accruals... 
Moderator: ‘The next question is from Kushal Shah from Nexus Equity Growth Fund. 
Kushal Shah: Imean, congratulations for the wonderful sct of numbers once again. There are two questions. 
‘The first one is on the growth part, Basically, ma'am, you just mentioned, you know, that we 
do have a capex program which is spread across next two, three years. Of course, FY 27 
growth will be taken care of with the current debottlenecking capacity with which we have 
increased. 
What about, ma'am, FY '28? As I can understand, this entire capex will be commissioned 
together. I mean, the growth for the business beyond FY "27. From where we can expect the 
growth to come for FY '28? Because capex will commission FY 28, you will witness in FY' 
20 and 30, but for FY 28, just wanted to understand, how do you plan to grow? 
Ekta Soni: First of all, you need to understand company from a long-term perspective, not a quarter-to- 
quarter thing. I¥'s not a thing that there will be there. Of course, the company is very poised and 
fuclled for the growth, given the capacity we have. Existing capacity are on a utilization level 
of 85% of 40,000 tons. We have said that we have debottlenecking capacity on 40,000 tons, 
which will take our capacity to 52,000 tons per annum. 
This is the input capacity. We are upgrading our value-added product mix also. Currently, we 
sce the current fiscal year and the coming fiscal year are very good for the growth, given our 
utilization is still yet to be there on an optimized level, and we expect a price realization 
growth also of 5%-10%. 
If you caleulate all the metrics, there is a clear output which is visible of a 30% volume 
accretive growth and 5%-10% could be our price realization benefit also. On top of that, we 
are yet to utilize our 15% capacity of existing plant as well. So, this math is clearly visible, for 
you to calculate how the turnover will be looking in the next two years as well, along with our 
further capex plans. 
Kushal Shah: Ithink, you know, we do have significant portion in export. On the recent West Asia war, do 
we face any impact, you know, because on the side of shipments, logistics, et cetera? What is 
the situation over there? 
Ekta Soni: ‘This is you're talking, from the war standpoint of view? 
Kushal Shah: Yes, ma'am... From the war standpoiat. 
Ekta Soni: Okay. The ongoing geopolitical tension including Iran, U.S., Russia, Ukraine or some, you 
know, the tariff, are expected to have anear-term indirect impact, not only on our industry, but 
a broader industry environment as a whole. Tt will be primarily through higher energy prices or 
maybe clevated freight costs and curency volatility. But however, from a business 
fundamental perspective on Manorama Industrics, the company remains largely insulated from 
any direct substantial impact. 
Page 8 0f 18

--- page 10 ---
MANORAMA Manorama Indusiries Limited 
May 12, 2026 INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
Its key raw materials which we arc importing or having indigenous like Sal, Mango, or Shea 
are not sourced from the affected regions. The company also has a very minimal revenue 
exposure to these geographics. That's what, like, for example, there may be some short-term 
macro pressure, such as some input cost inflation on freight costs or anything, but that does not 
materially impact the company’s core business model or the long-term growth trajectory. 
But there could be some minor impact maybe here and there, but we are, despite all the 
headwinds which is there on a geopolitical tension of Russia-Ukraine war or U.S -Iran conflict, 
the company has reported a sustainable margin despite all the headwinds, and we arc going to 
aim to maintain and sustain this level also. 
Kushal Shah: Yes, ma'am. T mean, wonderful to hear that. Ma'am, on the, I mean, on the capex side, I mean, 
just referring to your previous participant's conversation. As you just mentioned that, you 
Inow, the capex plan and the funding mix. You have, I mean, you have internal accruals 
roughly around INR 100 to INR 120 crores every year. Along with that, you have debt 
available also. What about the QIP, which you have taken the approval of up to INR 500 
crores? I mean, how exactly do you plan to fund the entire capex? 
Ekta Soni: Sce, sir, basically the funding of the capex is one thing, the QIP resolution is another thing. I's 
not, it will give you a very true thing to, you know, combine both these things. capex is one 
thing, which we already have started doing it through our internal aceruals. We have good 
internal cash flows as well. In terms of QIP, this is an approved cnabling resolution. In 
relation, it could be a potential fundraise, maybe through a permissible modes and instruments 
and we arc currently evaluating various options, and we can, you know, make appropriate 
disclosure in accordance with the applicable law. As and when any specific transaction related 
parameters, which including structure, size or timings or other terms are finalized. We will 
keep updating you on QIP as well. 
Kushal Shah: Okay, perfect. Just last question from my side. 
Moderator: ir, Kushal Shah, please back into the queue, Ladics and gentlemen, in order to ensure that the 
management is able to address questions from all participants, please limit your questions to 
two per participant. Should you have a follow-up question, we would request you to re-join the 
queue. 
We have the next question from Mr. Harshil Solanki from Equitree Capital. Please go ahead. 
Harshil Solanki: Hi, team. Good afternoon. I had three questions. First, if you can help me with what was the 
percentage of raw material we purchased from Manorama Africa for FY 26 and FY 272 For 
FY 127 we would have already bought our raw materials. 
Ekta Soni: It like, you are asking from the West Africa how much shea nuts we have sourced or how the 
breakup is requested by you. If you can clear your question, please. 
Harshil Solankiz Yes. The promoter entity which is there, Manorama Africa Limited, what is the percentage of 
total RM we have bought? Because last year it was 60%. For '26 and '27, I want to understand. 
Page 9 of 18

--- page 11 ---
MANORAMA INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
Ashok Jain: 
Harshil Solanki: 
Ashok Jain: 
Harshil Solanki: 
Ashok Jain: 
Harshil Solanki: 
Ashok Jain: 
Ekta Soni: 
Harshil Solanki: 
Ekta Soni: 
Manorama Industries Limited 
May 12, 2026 
Around 20%-25%, we bought the raw material from Manorama Africa Limited this financial 
year 25-26. 
For 127, what would it be? 
Tt will be ~ depends on the - which will be same line of procurement will be continued. 
Okay, understood. CFO sir, just one question to you as well. Our gross margins have fallen 
from 48% to 43% on a consol basis quarter-on-quarter. Whereas, on a standalone basis, they 
have remained the same on a QOQ basis. K you can highlight why this difference is arising. 
There's a 5% difference on a consol basis. 
If you sce the gross margin in consol basis, this all subsidiary companies just, we have newly 
incorporated, this financial year. We are going to streamline all this operation. The Company 
has expanded to global footprint with established nine subsidiarics across different countrics 
and marking important strategic step towards building a diversified international presence. 
As this is the first year of operation for most of these cntities, initial sctup related cost, 
including employee cost, establishment expenses, and other operating overheads have been 
higher. This has temporarily impacted consolidated margin. Howerer, these costs arc largely 
one time or transitional in nature and are expected to normalize as operation is scale up. This 
investment phase was necessary to support long-term business expansion. 
T get your point on the operating cost. But why are the gross margin impacted? Because the 
cmployee cost and operating cost would come below gross margin. 
‘This is the primarily influcnced by the freight cost, and other related production cost, which we 
are for making the product. This is just started the operation to subsidiary companies. Going 
forward, we sce a good number in also subsidiarics. The chemical input cost and other 
products led to the increase in the cost of production. We are confident to maintain going 
forward all subsidiary companics also healthy financials as well. 
Just to add to the point sir has made, anything between the 45%-50% level of gross margin is 
normal in the parlance of the business model. This we have repeated and cmphasized on the 
past as well. Anything between this range is considered to be a normal gross profit margin 
from a company’s point of view. 
Got it, ma'am. Il take it offline. I have one more question. We had posted revised results. 
‘What was the error, and why did we have to revise our results, if you can highlight? 
This revised financial statement file has been uploaded inadvertently. I's been submitted to 
ausure accuracy and completeness of the reported information. The revision is purely 
corrective in nature. Inadvertently, because of the technical issus, the wrong file was uploaded 
carlicr. The company remains committed to maintaining high standards of transparency and 
timely disclosure that is why we have submitted the revised file, soon as once we have 
uploaded the technically wrong file in the stock exchange. 
Page 10 of 18

--- page 12 ---
MANORAMA Manorama Indusiries Limited 
May 12, 2026 INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
For any financial correctness of the matter, you can please consider the revised financials and 
those numbers for your further questions, please. 
Moderator: ‘The next question is from the line of Ms. Shwetha from Ithought. Please go ahead. 
Shwetha: My first question is regarding the total fractionation output for FY '26. In that, if you could 
share the steatin and olein split up, that would also help. 
Ekta Soni: For the fractionation output, around 85% stands the utilization on a full year basis. Out of 
which we can just share you the volume for our products, main value-added product of stearin 
and CBE. Stearin volume was around 8,000 reported on a full year metric ton, and CBE 
volume has been reported around 7,500 metric ton for full year. 
Shwetha: Ma'am, this 85% utilization inchudes the debottlencek capacity, right? 
Ekta Soni: No, this doesn't include our debottlenccking facility. 
Shwetha: Okay. Regarding the arrangement with Dekel in Brazil, I just want to understand what is the 
like commercial agreement. Is it like a royalty or revenue share model or some tolling fee? 
Could you just throw some light on that? 
Ekta Soni: No, it's a cost model thing there. It's a processing cost which the company needs to pay them 
for processing of the per ton of our goods. There is no agreament in terms of profit sharing 
which is there with the Dekel agreement. I¢s just the processing facility which is there. 
Shwetha: Okay. Just the processing cost. 
Ekta Soni: Yes, just the processing cost. 
Shwetha: Okay. In Q3, the contribution was minimal is what you had said. Maybe for FY '26, what is the 
actual volume in Dekel? 
Ekta Soni: See, we have just started the Dekel operation. It has been the first quarter we can say, or the 
first year of operation in the present through our own processing facility. We are still sealing 
up. A better number guidance maybe we can give you going forward of this. If's just that we 
have just started with our Dekel operations currently. 
Shwetha: Okay, ma'am. Tl follow up this next quarter or something. Thank you. 
Moderator: A reminder to all participants, please limit your questions to two per participant. Should you 
have a follow-up question, we would request you to rejoin the queue. 
The next question is from Kumar Saumya from Ambit Capital. Pleasc go ahead. Kumar 
Saumya, the line is open. 
Kumar Saumya: Yes. Hi. Good afternoon, sir. My question is on the Dekel. Do we pay the entire year's 
processing cost upfront at the start of the year, or we pay it as we process it? 
Page 11 of 18

--- page 13 ---
MANORAMA INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
Ekta Soni: 
Kumar Saumya: 
Ekta Soni: 
Kumar Saumya: 
Ekta Soni: 
Kumar Saumya: 
Ekta Soni: 
Kumar Saumya: 
Ekta Soni: 
Kumar Saumya: 
Manorama Industries Limited 
May 12, 2026 
‘We pay as we process on per metric ton. For just, to give you an example, if we are processing 
100 tons per month or per day, We are going to pay them accordingly post the processing. 
There is no cost which is uploaded upfront on those Dekel amangement. 
Okay. Subsidiary, if you sce, this quarter we had INR 9 crores of revenue against which we 
bad INR 5 crores of loss. I was assuming that INR 14 crores delta is coming from Dekel 
We have just started the minimal volume in Latin America for our own facility. Largely those 
things are there. We ar stabilizing in terms of operational cost as well. Maybe the correct way 
will be to look on the consol level in terms of LATAM and other subsidiaries in the coming 
year. 
Okay. In the subsequent quarter, things will start to cover up as the ramp up. Yes. Is that right? 
Yes, that is right. 
Sccondly, Ekta, on our long-term goals, the plans that we have, say, more than INR3,500 
crores of revenue by FY '30, with the upcoming capacity. Are those plans on track and are we 
confident in achicving those revenue numbers, whatever we are guiding for the long-term 
basis? 
Yes, Sir, definitely. We are very confident on whatever plans we have going forward in terms 
of our capex outline. Because if you see, we arc adding another 75,000 of our solvent 
fractionation capacity. Along with that, we arc also putting a backward integration process, We 
are visionary doing this because we want a very integrated value chain where we just docs not 
scale up our revenue terms, but we have a very healthy operational efficiency as well, which 
should result in both top line and bottom line as well. 
The internals, our target is very strong on these numbers, but as a guidance, whatever we have 
given in the past, we are still very confident on achieving that. The past records, we are very 
like confident to maintain and do that. Just to add, on one morc thing, that the company has 
done this year, like we are targeting a capex of INR 460 crores to be spent on two-three years. 
But if you see today, the reported financials FY 126, we have achieved a significant financial 
milestone underscoring the strength and scalability of this business model, because the annual 
cash profit, which include our PAT and depreciations stood at INR 258.77 crores which has 
already exceeded our gross block of INR 250 crores. This indicates us, you know, capital 
cfficicncy, what the company can do going forward with the planned capex. 
Working capital improvement was really commendable. 
Thank you so much, sir. That has been the stress on working cashflow as well. And the 
company has done a meaningful improvement in that parlance as well. 
Just one last question from my side. With the backward integration, as in the processing 
facility in Africa, does that improve the process yicld of those seeds because youll be 
immediately processing it rather than bringing it to India? Is that understanding ri 
Page 12 of 18

--- page 14 ---
MANORAMA INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
Ekta Soni: 
Kumar Saumya: 
Ekta Soni: 
Kumar Saumya: 
Ekta Soni: 
Kumar Saumya: 
Ekta Soni: 
Moderator: 
Jainam Doshi: 
Ekta Soni: 
Jainam Doshi: 
Ekta Soni: 
Manorama Industries Limited 
May 12, 2026 
Yes. It should improve there. When we are crushing and processing the sceds immediately, it 
will definitely have a better yicld compared to what we currently process after 60 days. 
Yes. The fat output would be better than what we have today. 
Yes. Along with that, we arc also going to save on the logistic cost as well. That is a very good 
scenario to having a processing facility in Burkina Faso for the sceds. 
Yes. Oil we'll have to bring it to India, right? 
Of course, the butters we will be bringing to India for further value addition process here, like 
fractionation and everything. The first part of the seeds will be done there only. Our current 
facility here in India can also optimize our plant on the other Indian exotic seeds, which are Sal 
and Mango. It s a dual benefit if we are putting up Burkina Faso plant there. First, it will be a 
very helpful nature for shea nut once we do there. 
Other, the cxisting processing facility which we have of 90,000 tons of solvent extraction 
facility here in India will be used and will be a better optimized for Indian exotic seeds like Sal 
and Mango kemnels and ofher. 
From what I understand, you mean the freight cost as a percentage of raw material when it was 
seed, now it will be ol so that will be better now. 
Yes, along with the quality. 
Thank you, sir. Participants, we request you to please limit your questions two per participant. 
We have the next question from Mr. Jainam Doshi from Kriis PMS. Please go ahead. 
Good afternoon. Just two things. One is by the end of FY 126, we have added 7,500 tons 
capacity to the solvent fractionation plant. By when are we expecting the balance 4,500 tons to 
be added? What is the utilization we are expecting for this incremental 12,000, both for this 
year as well as the next year, just to understand on that? 
Yes, we are expecting that also to be streamlined in this financial year only. We will update 
you once that also has been done. Utilization, we are expecting of 52,000 tons of around 85%- 
90% for this fiscal year as well. We will update you what utilization we have reached maybe 
end of this year of the total increased capacity of 52,000 metric ton. 
Some data points, like just wanted to understand, in terms of value, what is the CBE 
contribution to the total revenues and what is the total valuc-added product mix to our total 
sales? 
CBE has contributed around 30% to our top linc. Along with our value-added product stearin , 
it is around 70%-75% to it. If you see 30% today what we have done with CBE, it was 10% 
fwo years ago. The company has also done a very remarkable improvement on improving the 
product mix for our specialty fats and butters as well. 
Page 13 of 18

--- page 15 ---
MANORAMA INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
Jainam Doshi: 
Ashok Jain: 
Jainam Doshi: 
Ashok Jain: 
Moderator: 
Shrenik Mehta: 
Ekta Soni: 
Shrenik Mehta: 
Ekta Soni: 
Manorama Industries Limited 
May 12, 2026 
Great, Just the last thing, what has been the total volume growth for s, like, compared to last 
year? 
Volume growth of this financial year '25, '26, around 80%-90% and 5%-10% is the price 
growth. 
Price growth. Okay. 
Approximately. 
‘Thank you. The next question is from Shrenik Mehta from IndoAlps Wealth. 
Hi. I have one comment and two questions. One comment about, why we are reporting only 
the standalone results when it comes to the newspaper release or the presentation. Why don't 
we give the consolidated picture? Is it because the consolidated mumiber is looking weaker than 
the standalone number? 
Sir, we just need to want to clarify that in the newspaper we give both standalone and consol 
figures. It just not that because it is a regulatory requirement which we need to follow for 
both standalone and consolidated numbers. There is o standalone number only, which is 
reported — which is related to the newspaper publication. For press release, there is no 
regulatory requirement which is there to put up a consolidated number. Because if you see in 
the past, the subsidiary has been recently formed from company’s point of view. 
‘This has been in the first year of operation. So maybe coming forward we can, you know, start 
a practice of giving a consolidated mmbers in press release as well because this has been our 
past practices of giving a standalone number on press release because there's no regulatory 
requirement which is there to give consolidated number on press release, but in newspapers 
there is both reported numbers. 
Sir, in the seven audited African subsidiaries, we posted INR 13.5 crores losses for FY 26, out 
of which almost INR6 crores came in Q4 itsclf. Is this implying a loss run rate that has doubled 
in the final quarter? You know, you've just announced INR 350 crores in Burkina Faso. Can 
you tell us for FY 126, the subsidiary loss is coming because of what? Is it the startup cost? Is it 
the Forex translation loss? Is it the operating losses in the trading P&L on these entities? 
Sir, we have already tried to answer this question in our carlicr, which was raised, but we are 
going to repeat the answer for you as well. The company has expanded its subsidiaries in nine 
geography. We are running nin subsidiaries, which the current fiscal FY '26 has been the first 
year of our operation. It is very diversificd, not only restricted to West Aftican countries, but 
we have our operation in LATAM region as well and other geographics as well 
Because this year has been first year of our operation, there has been an initial setup related 
cost, operational costs, employee costs, establishment expenses, other operating overheads are 
also there. This when once you start the company, you have to take this operational cost which 
is there. 
Page 14 of 18

--- page 16 ---
MANORAMA INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
Shrenik Mehta: 
Ekta Soni: 
Shrenik Mehta: 
Ekta Soni: 
Moderator: 
Koushik M: 
Ekta Soni: 
Manorama Industries Limited 
May 12, 2026 
Going forward, once you sce these numbers will be stabilized, and this s kind of a nature of 
one time and transitional in nature. There is not something that has been going in terms of 
losses. This you need to understand, sir. 
In the end, the consolidated EPS has grown by only 6% compared to ... almost more than 
150% growth that we saw in the previous three quarters. 
‘That is right. You have to sec on a consol level, also including a standalone. I you only talk 
about consolidated balance sheet, the consolidated EBITDA margin level is around 26% 
compared to 27% in standalone. The company s doing fairly well on terms of both, but if you 
sce, we have to bear the cxpenses and cost to set up our companies there. So that is the 
understanding we also expect our, you know, sharcholders to have once we are doing this. 
Yes, as long as if's onstime expense and, you know, you believe that the margins will come 
back, it scems good. The other question that I had was about the INR 23.3 crores cunmulative 
monthto-month hit on the forwards in FY '26. You have a 57% export revenue. What is the 
hedge ratio policy, and has it been recalibrated after this year's experience? 
Sir, because, sce, these arc the scenario which is there for a time. We cannot say that this will 
be sustained for a lifetime. But yes, we follow a prudent and structured forcign exchange risk 
management policy, which, minimize the impact of currency volatility on our camings and 
cash flow. Around a 60% of our company's net forcign exchange is currently hedged through 
forward contracts. It also provide carning visibility and protecting against any adverse 
currency movements. 
But for the remaining unhedged 40% cxposure, the company retains the flexibility to benefit 
from any favorable movement, which can also be there in the currency rates going forward. 
‘That is the practice which company docs, but it doesn't harm the company's core level of 
business in terms of that, but for anything which is there on currency level, we are having a 
very prudent risk management policy which covers both and protects us on any volatility. We 
can also get benefit out of our unhedged exposure which is there, because we have a natural 
hedge also in terms of import and export. 
‘The next question is from Koushik M from Ashika Group. 
Hi, Sir. I just wanted to understand couple of things. Most of my questions got answered. Yes, 
we did debottlenccking, right? Currently our capacity should be around almost around 52,000 
‘metric tons. In the presentation we mentioned it is 47,500 metric tons. Can I understand what's 
the reason? 
Yes. To give you a better clarification of this, we have two solvent fractionation plants. 
Solvent fractionation 1 plant is of 15,000 tons. Solvent fractionation 2 plant is of 25,000 tons. 
‘The debottlenccking of 30% has been done on 25,000 solvent fractionation plant. That is how 
the resultis the total fractionation is 47,500, 
Got it. The new debottlenccking of addition, 52,000 tons will not be any cost. There is no any 
cost in it. Okay. 
Page 15 of 18

--- page 17 ---
MANORAMA INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
Ekta Soni: 
Koushik M: 
Ekta Soni: 
Ekta Soni: 
Koushik M: 
Ekta Soni: 
Koushik M: 
Moderator: 
Sumant Kumar: 
Ekta Soni: 
Manorama Industries Limited 
May 12, 2026 
Not much. It costs under INR 8 crores-INR 10 crores for both the plants. 
Now can I understand one more thing? Like, in the meanwhile of the conversation only, you 
‘mentioned that we will be doing a volume growth of 20%-30% plus, and the price also will be 
hiked by another 5%. That means that, for the next year, when it comes to FY '27, this year 
current running year, the run rate should be very good, is what you are clearly mentioning. Can 
T understand on this, what kind of volumes will be done? Or like not volumes, or at least 
fractionation. How much utlization that you arc thinking in this financial year? Or getting 
something ...? 
We are targeting and aiming to utilize around 85%- 90%, 85% of plant on our 52,000 tons full 
capacity. That is the kind of utilization we are targeting for this fiscal year. 
52,000 tons, 80% s what you are mentioning. That means that is 41,600 we arc talking about. 
Yes. Then we will update you quarter-to-quarter how as been the progress on it. 
Parfect. Just for a clarity purpose only. Still, I understand this closely by looking at from so 
long. Cocoa prices is no relation with our CBE prices. SilL in this recent quarter, we have a 
margin dip that [ understand that it is coming through the African companics and the setoffs. Is 
it going back to normalization situation? Can I understand it will go back to 27%, 28% or like 
25% to 30%. 
Sir, sce, we always have guided you on our sustainable margins range carlier, which was 
around 25%-27%. The company is well within that range even in the consol level, which we 
have reported 26% of EBITDA margin there also. There is no significant margin dip which 
we, the company, has reported, be it on consol level or be it on standalone number. There 
could be a minor range which you have to take into consideration of around 45%-50% on 
gross margin level and 25%-27% on EBITDA level. 
This has been the management stance in ow various past track records for our guidance 
purpose. Anything well within this range should be considered normally from a business point 
of view. Of course, we are there working on many levers to improve the margins going 
forward, but then we will update you once we have the visibility of the same. 
Last question from my end. 
‘Thank you, sir. Mr. Kaushik, we will request you to come in the queu, sir. The next question 
s from Mr. Sumant Kumar from Motilal Oswal. 
Yes, hi. My question is, for FY 26, we have seen a 230 basis margin expansion. Is this all 
because of better product mix, valuc-added product mix, or cfficiency of the manufacturing 
plant? Mix of both. 
Thank you for the question. To answer it, yes, it is a mix of both. We have, if you sce our 
value-added product mix in terms of CBE was around 10% one, two years back. It is now 30% 
today. So that also has resulted in the improved metrics on our financial, and also the higher 
Page 16 of 18

--- page 18 ---
MANORAMA INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
Sumant Kumat 
Ekta Soni: 
Sumant Kumar: 
Ekta Soni: 
Sumant Kumat 
Moderator: 
Divyansh Thakur: 
Ekta Soni: 
Divyansh Thakur: 
Ekta Soni: 
Divyansh Thakur: 
Ashok Jain: 
Divyansh Thakus 
Moderator: 
Ashish Saraf: 
Manorama Industries Limited 
May 12, 2026 
utilization of our plant has resulted into this. So there is a combination of all practices which 
has been attributing to these levels. 
Okay. One suggestion, can we include in our PPT OER oil extraction ratio? Okay. I have seen 
all the palm oil company used to show that number. 
Sorry, oil extraction. 
Yes, ratio. Yes, OER 
OER. Okay. We will sce this internally to sce what is OER, and we will take the actions 
accordingly as per company's policy. 
Okay. Thank you. 
Thank you. The next question is from Divyansh Thakur from Fintercst Capital 
Thank you for the opportunity, and congratulations on a great sct of numbers. So, most of my 
questions have already been answered, but I just wanted to get clarity on the margin side. You 
mentioned that 25%-27% is a sustainable margin going ahead. Is it a yearly guidance or is it a 
quarter-to-quarter? 
Sir, we from business point of view, we will request all our sharcholders. Of course, we 
understand that you have a quarterly metrics to compare and do it. But from our side, we try to 
focus on owr yearly metrics that is there. We try to maintain on quarter-to-quarter basis, but 
whatever guidance we try to give, we will request our sharcholders to take on year-on-year 
basis. 
Okay. Thank you, ma'am. Also, the remaining 4,500 metric ton debottlenceking is expected to 
be happening in this quarter or the coming quarters going ahead? 
‘That is underway, sir. once we have implemented that, then we will, you know, share the 
disclosure of that. But that is underway of doing it. We will update you once it is done. 
Okay. Just the last question, ma'am. What is our Middle East cxposure that you had 
‘mentioned? I missed that in the call. 
Middle East exposure only 2%-3% of total revenue. 
Okay. Thank you so much, and all the best. 
Thank you. Ladics and gentlemen, due to time constraint, this will be the last question for 
today. I now hand the conference over to management for closing comments. Over to you. 
My dear friends and stakeholders, on behalf of the entire management team, T would like to 
sincerely thank all participants for joining Manorama Industries Q4 and FY 2026 Earnings 
Conference Call. As we all know, business is business and there is always a risk, but our last 
many years of performance is proven and is on your record 
Page 17 of 18

--- page 19 ---
MANORAMA Manorama Industries Limited 
May 12, 2026 INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
Manorama Industrics continues to solidify its position as a reliable supplicr, committed to 
mesting the fast-growing global demand for sustainable cocoa butter equivalents, specialty 
fats, stearin, and cxotic butters. We arc cxecuting with focus and conviction on a clear laid- 
down strategy. 
Expansion of manufacturing capacity to address growing demand for our specialty fat products 
and value-added, scientifically made, and jointly collaborated with customers, specialty fats. 
Investment in rescarch and development, which is key to our success, to expand specialty fat 
formulations and application-specific products. 
Centering our sourcing capabilitics in key raw material regions with robust supply chains. 
Expanding global market prescnce through international subsidiaries and strategic 
partnerships. Optimization of operational cfficiency across the whole integrated value chain. 
Our target is to make every human on this carth somewhere our customer. We remain 
committed to becoming the partner of choice for both international and domestic customers, 
delivering quality, reliability, sustainability and trust at every level of our operations. 
We look forward to continued cngagement with our imvestor and analyst community, and 
remain available for follow-up discussions. I thank all our stakeholders, our supplicrs, our 
tribal familics, our Manorama team members, and every person associated with Manorama. 
Thank you once again for your time, for your trust, and your continued support, Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. On behalf of EY, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us, and 
you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
Page 18 of 18