

--- page 1 ---
August 18,2026 
To, 
The Manager 
Listing Department 
BSE Limited (“BSE”) 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai 400 001 
Scrip Code: 541974 
ISIN: INEOOVMO01036 
To 
The Manager, 
Listing Department 
3 Manorama 
Industries Limited 
KHASRA No. - 2449-2610, 
Parswani Road, Near 
Birkoni Industrial Area, 
Mahasamund (C.G.)- 493445 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited (“NSE”) 
Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C/1, G Block, Bandra- 
Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), Mumbai 400 051 
Symbol: MANORAMA 
ISIN: INEOOVMO01036 
Subject: Disclosure under Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 - Transcript of Q1 of FY27 Earnings Conference Call held on 
Friday, August 14, 2026. 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
In reference to our intimation dated August 10, 2026, and pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Securities 
and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, we 
would like to inform you that the Company had organised an Earnings Conference Call with respect to QI of FY 27 Results on Friday, August 14, 2026 at 01:30 p.m. (IST). A copy of transcript of Q1 of FY 
27 earnings conference call is enclosed herewith and the same has also been uploaded on the Company's 
website at the below mentioned link: 
hnps:/fmmmmmauroun,co.in/invcstors-comnum'—ﬂnnnunccmcnts#almj‘vst meet 
This is for your information and records. 
Thanking You, 
For Manorama Industries Limited 
Deepak Sharma 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
Membership No: A48707 
Encl: As Above 
Corporate Office: 
F-6, Anupam Nagar, 
Raipur-492007, Chhattisgarh, India E-mail: info@manoramagroup.co.in 
Tel.: +91-771-2283071, 2282457 Telefax: +91-771-4056958 CIN: L15142MH2005PLC243687 GSTIN: 22AAECM3726C1Z1 
1SO 9001, ISO 14001 & ISO 45001, Certified Company 
Manufacturing & Supplying different products 
EcoVadis Committed badge certified & Sedex SMETA 4-Pillar Certified A Government of India Recognized Star Export House 
Certifications: 
Certified for RSPO, Kosher, Halal (MUI), 
MSME ZED GOLD 
Registered Office: 
701,7th Floor, Bonanza Building, 
Sahar Plaza, Complex 
Andheri Kurla Road, Andheri ‘Mumbai-400059, Maharashtra, India 
Tel. 02249743611, 02267088148 Www.manoramagroup.co.in GSTIN-27AAECM3726C1ZR

--- page 2 ---
Page 1 of 17 
 
  
“Manorama Industries Limited 
Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call” 
August 14, 2026 
 
 
 
                                       
 
MANAGEMENT: M R. ASHISH SARAF – CHAIRMAN & MANAGING 
DIRECTOR – MANORAMA INDUSTRIES LIMITED  
 M R. ASHOK JAIN – DIRECTOR & CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER – MANORAMA INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
 M R. PANKAJ RATHI – DEPUTY GENERAL MANAGER, 
ACCOUNTS AND FINANCE – MANORAMA INDUSTRIES 
LIMITED  
 M S. EKTA SONI – ASSOCIATE VICE PRESIDENT, 
INVESTOR RELATIONS – MANORAMA INDUSTRIES 
LIMITED 
 M R. DEEPAK SHARMA – COMPANY SECRETARY & 
COMPLIANCE OFFICER – MANORAMA INDUSTRIES 
LIMITED 
  
MODERATOR:  M R. HIRAL KENIYA– E&Y LLP 
 
 
 
 
 


--- page 3 ---
  Manorama Industries Limited 
  August 14, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 17 
 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Manorama Industries Limited Q1 FY27 
Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, 
and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star, then 
zero on your touch-tone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Hiral Keniya from EY LLP. Thank you, and over to you, 
sir. 
Hiral Keniya: Thank you, Huda. Good afternoon, everyone. On behalf of Manorama Industries Limited, I 
welcome you all to the company's Q1 FY27 conference call. To discuss the performance of the 
company and to answer your questions, we have with us the management team comprising of 
Mr. Ashish Saraf, Chairman and Managing Director; Mr. Ashok Jain, Director and CFO, Mr. 
Pankaj Rathi, DGM - Accounts and Finance, Ms. Ekta Soni, AVP - Investor Relations and Mr. 
Deepak Sharma, Company Secretary and Compliance Officer. 
Before we proceed  this call, I would like to draw your attention to the fact that today's discussion 
may contain forward-looking statements that are subject to various risks, uncertainties and other 
factors, which will be beyond management's control. 
We kindly request to bear in mind that there might be uncertainties while interpreting such 
statements. Please note that this conference is being recorded. We would now like to start the 
session with opening remarks from the management team. Afterwards, we will open the floor 
for an interactive Q&A session. 
I would now hand over the conference call to Ashishji for his opening remarks. Thank you, and 
over to you, sir. 
Ashish Saraf: Thank you, Hiralji. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining Manorama Industries 
Limited Quarter 1 Financial Year 2027 Earnings Conference Call. We appreciate the continued 
trust and encouragement of our investors, analysts, stakeholders. 
As we continue to strengthen our market position and expand our global presence, we remain 
focused on executing our long-term strategy, driving innovation and delivering consistent, 
sustainable value creation for all our stakeholders. 
We have entered financial year '27 with strong conviction and momentum delivering a 39.5% 
year-on-year revenue growth in quarter 1 financial year 27 and crossing the INR4,000 million 
quarterly revenue and EBITDA milestone for the first time. 
Our profitability grew by 67.6% year-on-year, reflecting sustained demand across the end use 
industries, deeper customer relationships and the increasing contribution of our value-added 
specialty fats and butters portfolio. These results underscores the strength of our integrated 
business model, robust sourcing network and our ability to capitalize on the expanding 
opportunities in the global specialty fats market. 

--- page 4 ---
  Manorama Industries Limited 
  August 14, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 17 
 
During the quarter, we achieved several strategic milestones that further strengthen our long-
term growth platform. We expanded our sourcing footprint in West Africa through the 
incorporation of Manorama Savannah Agro Chad Sarl in Chad, our wholly owned subsidiary in 
Chad. 
In addition, we acquired approximately 10 hectares, 24 acres of land in Burkina Faso for a shea 
nut and mango nut processing facility with regulatory approvals currently in the progress. These 
initiatives enhance sourcing security, traceability, supply chain resilience and proximity to key 
customers, while reinforcing our leadership across the shea value chain. Innovation remains at 
the core of our growth strategy. 
Our MILCOA Research and Development Center recognized by the Department of Scientific 
and Industrial Research, DSIR, Government of India, continues to drive product innovation and 
strengthen our competitive advantage. Beyond product development, our R&D capabilities are 
playing a pivotal role in shaping our integration strategy as we advance both backward and 
forward integration initiatives. 
The upcoming seed processing and extraction facilities in Raipur and Burkina Faso together with 
our exploration of downstream value-added opportunities are expected to enhance value capture, 
improve margins and drive sustainable growth across the value chain. 
The successful completion of our qualified institutional placement, QIP, marks another 
important milestone, strengthening our balance sheet and providing the financial flexibility to 
accelerate growth across manufacturing, sourcing and high value-added segments. These 
investments align with our vision of building a globally integrated specialty ingredients platform 
with a scalable and resilient supply chain. 
Looking ahead, we remain highly confident in the long-term prospects of our business. With an 
expanding portfolio of specialty ingredients, growing customer partnerships and increasing 
presence in cocoa butter alternatives and continued investments across sourcing, processing, 
innovation and manufacturing, we are well-positioned to deliver profitable growth and 
strengthen our global market presence. 
Business is business, business has risk, but Manorama navigates and has built a robust model, 
and we are looking forward to build it further. We look forward to create a sustainable long-term 
value for all our stakeholders. 
With that, I will now hand over the call to our CFO and Director, Mr. Ashok Jain, to take you 
through the financial and operational highlights for the quarter. Thank you. 
Ashok Jain: Thank you, Ashish sir, and good afternoon, everyone. Let me now take you through our financial 
performance for the Quarter 1 FY27. We delivered a strong quarter with revenue increased by 
39.5% year-on-year to INR 404 crores, driven by a richer product mix of value-added offerings 
and higher traction of our expanded fractionation capacity. 
Our export to domestic revenue mix stood at 60:40 reflecting the continued strength of our global 
customer base alongside healthy domestic demand. EBITDA grew by 42.2% year-on-year to 

--- page 5 ---
  Manorama Industries Limited 
  August 14, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 17 
 
INR 106 crores, while EBITDA margin expanded by 49 basis points to 26.3%, supported by 
disciplined cost management, operational efficiencies and operating leverage. 
Profit after tax increased by 67.6% year-on-year, that is INR 79 crores with profit after tax 
margin expanding by 326 basis points to 19.5%. This strong improvement in profitability reflects 
our continued focus on optimizing product mix, enhancing capacity utilization and driving 
efficiencies across operations. 
These results demonstrate the resilience and scalability of our business model, highlighting our 
ability to deliver robust growth and profitability while executing strategic expansion initiatives 
and managing the seasonal dynamics of our industry. We remain disciplined in our approach to 
capital allocation. 
Our ongoing strategic investment across India and Africa are carefully aligned with our long-
term vision of building a globally integrated specialty fats platform. This investment will 
strengthen our sourcing and manufacturing capabilities, expand our global footprint and further 
reinforce our leadership position in the rapidly growing cocoa butter equivalent and specialty 
fats and butter market. 
Through these initiatives, we are creating a stronger foundation for sustainable growth, enhanced 
competitiveness and long-term value creation for our stakeholders. That concludes my remarks. 
We would now begin with question-and-answer session. 
Moderator: Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Kumar Saumya from AMBIT Capital. 
Kumar Saumya: Hi, Sir good afternoon  firstly, the very commendable performance in a volatile macro 
environment. Sir, a couple of questions I have. Firstly, on the incremental capacity of 4,500 tons, 
which is expected to come from the debottlenecking activity. When should we expect that to 
come online? 
Ekta Soni: Yes. Thank you, Kumar, for the question. So as we have previously communicated, so we have 
undertaken the debottlenecking to enhance fractionation capacity. So we already have done a 
portion of our additional capacity of 7,500, which is already have been operationalized. And the 
balance is intended to be implemented in a manner during FY27 around Quarter 3 of this 
financial year, subject to operational time lines. 
Kumar Saumya: Okay. And the incremental greenfield, when is that expected to hit in the next financial year? 
Ekta Soni: So this is regarding our new capex program? 
Kumar Saumya: Yes, yes. 
Ekta Soni: Okay. So we have made a meaningful progress as we move on for our capex. So on the solvent 
fractionation 3 and our refinery are being targeted for commissioning around FY 28, around Q3 
of that financial year. And we already have bought a land in Burkina Faso, which is around 10 

--- page 6 ---
  Manorama Industries Limited 
  August 14, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 17 
 
hectares, approximately 24 acres bought and there are regulatory approvals which are awaiting. 
So we are doing meaningful progress in terms of our capex also. 
Kumar Saumya: And next on the downstream opportunity that Ashish sir mentioned in the opening remarks, if 
you could throw some light what are the downstream opportunities we are exploring currently? 
Ekta Soni: Sorry, can you repeat your question, please? 
Kumar Saumya: Ashish sir, in the initial remarks mentioned about the downstream opportunities in the product 
value chain that you are currently exploring. If you could just throw some light what are those? 
Ekta Soni: So yes, the expansion which we are currently doing, one of our expansion also involves a CBA, 
cocoa butter alternative product, which will allow us to make a specialty value-added product 
from our existing raw materials, and we are also using an interesterified process from where we 
can make a value-added product based on our coproduct or byproduct like olein and other 
specialty fats and butters. 
So we are around the clock. Our R&D team are working on those lines, making more and more 
value-added product from our existing product portfolio, and we are setting up a technology 
also. It's our CBA plant, which will help us to bring more and more value addition in our product 
lines. 
Kumar Saumya: Got it. And next on this export share in the revenue, what was it in the last year same quarter, 
1Q FY25? 
Ekta Soni: 55% to 60% export. 
Ekta Soni: The range was we can share with you was around 55% to 60% only. And it approximately in the 
range only of 50% to 60% of export revenue. 
Kumar Saumya: Okay. And lastly, Ekta, on the LatAm progress. So what is the development over here? And 
when are we expected to see the ramp-up in the coming quarters? Any color over there? 
Ekta Soni: So Kumar, we have started the trial production in the last quarter. We have sent some samples 
there because that is the new facility we are doing. So that production has to be go from our 
current facility, which is in India. And we are also planning to move that scale gradually. As we 
move quarter-to-quarter, we can see a good amount of production going there further to 
manufacture from there. So that will ramp up gradually over the quarters. 
Kumar Saumya: Okay. And lastly, some indication on the pricing environment. How are you seeing the current 
pricing environment? Because most of the products are seeing a lot of volatility. So how is your 
product value chain behaving? And any color on that front? 
Ekta Soni: Kumar, so our products are more value-added product, which is formulated and based on certain 
specifications and recipes of the confectionery chocolate or cosmetics. So our pricing model, if 
you say, has been -- remained stable largely, which is in line of our costing model as well. So as 
per the macroeconomics are concerned, so compared to that, our pricing has been largely stable. 

--- page 7 ---
  Manorama Industries Limited 
  August 14, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 17 
 
 
Kumar Saumya:                   Got it, Thank you. 
Ekta Soni:                              Thank You. 
Moderator: Thank you, the next question is from the line of Disha Chamriya from Trinetra Asset Manager. 
Disha Chamriya: Good Afternoon Sir, so great set of numbers, sir. Thank you for the opportunity, A few questions 
I had from my side was realization per ton of CBE and stearin, if you could give me that breakup. 
Is that available? 
Ekta Soni: So we generally don't share that kind of per ton realization because our products are not 1 SKU. 
There are different products with different formulations, specifications for different customers. 
But we can share with you directionally that our pricing has been largely stable for our value-
added products. 
Disha Chamriya: No problem, ma'am. And of this 71.4% of contribution of CBE and stearin, what is the breakup 
of CBE in it? 
Ekta Soni: 71% of contribution and balance is the stearin product. Both are technically the same. 
Disha Chamriya: Could you please repeat how much was CBE? 
Ekta Soni: Sorry, CBE was 30%. Three Zero – Thirty, 30%. 
Disha Chamriya: Got it, ma'am. And could you please help me understand of this new subsidiary that has been 
established in Chad? And what exactly will it contribute to the company? Will it see a margin 
expansion from it or is this helping from the backward integration?  
Ekta Soni: Because yes, our international subsidiaries, which are in Africa, including the recently 
incorporated in Chad is mostly the vehicle from where we are sourcing our raw materials and 
butters from Africa region. So that Chad is basically for increasing the value chain from there. 
It's one of vehicle through which we are going to source our shea nut and butter from there. 
Moderator: As there is no response, I'm taking the next question from the line of Rishabh from Demeter 
Advisors, please proceed. 
Rishabh: Hi, so my first query is your contracts. Roughly, could you give us an idea of when you will be 
renewing some of the contracts -- you'll have a 9- to 12-month time frame. I just want to 
understand when the renewals -- I mean, what percentage are coming up for renewal in this year 
or in the coming quarters or something? 
Ekta Soni: So see, basically, our contracts are 9 to 12 months, which is not specific to a certain quarter or a 
certain month. So it is an ongoing process. So as and when the contract expire, it gets renewed. 
Some contracts could be for Quarter 1, some contract could be for Quarter 2, Quarter 3 or Quarter 
4. So it's generally an ongoing process with the customers. So we cannot quantify that with that 

--- page 8 ---
  Manorama Industries Limited 
  August 14, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 17 
 
this much of contract will be renewed in this particular quarter. So it is an ongoing process for 
us. 
Rishabh: Got it. Secondly, what were the volumes in metric tons of your value-added products, that is 
general CBEs and stearins this quarter? 
Ekta Soni: So, the utilized volume specific for our value-added products, we don't share on a quarter basis. 
We could guide you on an annual basis what we have been doing in the past four quarter. But 
what we can share with you that we have done a utilization of around 80% on our capacity for 
this quarter. 
Rishabh: And any guidance on the full year number for utilization of your fractionation capacity? 
Ekta Soni: So we will be also doing the debottlenecking of our second plant, which will be around Q3. So 
we expect our to be around 80%, 85% for full year for this year. 
Rishabh: Understood. Then I had a question just around your Burkina Faso plant, given that it will reduce 
your freight costs, what is the quantified impact this will have, say, on your gross profit? 
Ekta Soni: So this of course, it should help it because the investments what we have envisaged particularly 
for Burkina Faso plant. So we see a payback period, which should be around 3 years once the 
plant is operational in Burkina Faso. So it should meaningfully impact on our bottom line as 
well and should improve our efficiency also. So this is what we can guide you for that. 
Rishabh: You're saying a 3-year payback on the roughly INR 120 crores capex. Is that the fair way to 
describe it? 
Ekta Soni: Yes. 
Rishabh: I just want to understand that in places like Nigeria, they had introduced an export ban on shea 
nuts. Could you help sort of describe these risks and how you all will mitigate some of that kind 
of a risk? 
Ekta Soni: So see, Nigeria is 1 of the 22 such countries in Africa where the shea nuts are grown and 
available. And as you have seen, we are having multiple presence in Africa regions. We are 
operating our own wholly owned subsidiaries in 10 different regions in Africa. And we are also 
going to set up our own facility in Burkina Faso. So we are also bringing our seeds from there. 
And going forward, we will also import the butter from there. So we also import butters from 
those regions. So that is one country which has put a temporary ban. So that doesn't materially 
impact our sourcing strategy from there because our presence in that geography area is vast, 
which is substantial in Africa region. 
Rishabh: Understood. Understood. And last question, if I may. Could you describe your CBA product? I 
mean just some more color on what it is that you are planning to launch, which is separate from 
the current CBE and stearin? 

--- page 9 ---
  Manorama Industries Limited 
  August 14, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 17 
 
Ekta Soni: So we import a lot of butters also from shea in Africa region. So that CBA is a product 
technology. What we can say is an alternative on cocoa butter. So through a technology here in 
from India, from an ESOS plant, we will convert some of the oil liquid fractions into a hard 
fraction using some enzymes toward it. So that would convert our liquid fraction into solid 
fractions that will help convert into a cocoa butter alternative segment, which will be called 
ECBE, enzymatic cocoa butter equivalent. 
So that applications of cocoa butter alternative within that, which is ECBE will be, of course, 
the application the same into the food segment part, into the chocolate, in confectioneries, into 
the HoReCa market, wherever there is a food application. So it is one technology we are doing 
an addition, which we can say is a forward integration model, which will help us use our existing 
raw material also, and we could use other raw material also apart from the nuts currently, which 
we import or buy locally from domestic markets. 
Rishabh:                                Understood, Thank you so much. 
Moderator: Thank you, the next question is from the line of Roshan Nair from Antique Stockbroking. Please 
proceed.  
Roshan Nair: Yeah, Thanks a lot for the opportunity and  Congratulations on good set of numbers. So my 
question is regarding the Brazil partnership where you have started your first commercial 
production batch. So how much time would it take to for the commercial production to fully 
ramp up? And how meaningful can Brazil become over next 2 to 3 years in terms of revenue 
and profitability? 
Ekta Soni: So we already have started our trial production in the last quarter of this year, and we are slowly 
dispatching our production to that Brazilian entity to process. So it will, of course, take some 
time because a lot of production has to go from an Indian plant as well. So we see a good demand 
scenario, which is there for those products that in as well. So slowly, it will pick up maybe in 
another 2, 3, 4 quarters, we can see it should gradual ramp-up quarter-on-quarter basis from 
there. 
Roshan Nair: And what would be the max revenue that you can generate from the Brazil unit? 
Ekta Soni: So we can guide you on specific contribution from Brazil once we have started the operation 
meaningfully from there. Currently, we are doing the trial production, but we can directionally 
guide you that we see a very good opportunity in that market through that unit. 
Roshan Nair: Understood. My next question is, sir, our employee cost has come down by around 20% versus 
last quarter. So in last quarter, I recollect you had some initial setup costs for subsidiaries that 
resulted in higher employee and other expenses. So is it fair to assume that this will be the run 
rate going forward? Or is there anything else that we should be looking. 
Ekta Soni: Right. So last quarter, there was some provision which was there, which related to performance 
incentive as well. So that was largely the reason of that employee cost going forward. But 
currently, the run rate, which we can take should be around INR 14 crores to INR 15 crores per 
quarter going forward. It should be generally in this line only. 

--- page 10 ---
  Manorama Industries Limited 
  August 14, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 17 
 
Roshan Nair: Understood. And one last question from my side. So the other expenses have kind of jumped up 
by 16%. So anything you want to call out specifically here? Or is it primarily due to higher 
freight and container costs? 
Ekta Soni: Yes, that is right. It is primarily because of that only. 
Roshan Nair:                         Understood, Thank you, thanks a lot for the opportunity. 
Moderator: Thank you, the next question is from the line of Sandeep Abhange from LKP Securities. 
Sandeep Abhange: Hi, Congratulations on the good set of numbers. Thanks for taking my question, I had a question 
regarding the gross margin. Gross margins have gone down this quarter. Firstly, what was the 
reason behind it? And how was the sourcing of shea nuts and butter for FY27? Is it totally done 
or it will be done by the H1 FY27 quarter? And how is the pricing scenario in your raw material 
sourcing? 
Ekta Soni: Largely, the shea nuts procurement largely has been done in the last quarter. If you see currently, 
we have done the procurement for our Indian domestic seeds, which is sal, mango and other 
exotic seeds and we buy shea nuts and butters from different countries of Africa region. We buy 
sal and mango from different parts of India as well. 
From the pricing point of view, it is broadly same, but of course, whatever inflation rise is there, 
we have to take on the raw material cost, and that's how we build our costing model and come 
to our finished goods prices accordingly.  
And our gross margin broadly moves in the range of that range only of around 45% to 50%, 
what we can say because a lot of time, it depends on freight cost timing also and our by-product 
realization, which is a de-oiled cake. So it will be best tracked together with EBITDA margin 
rather than in isolation of gross profit margin. 
Sandeep Abhange: Okay, And on the raw material cost as a percentage to sales is considered, for H1, generally it is 
higher, somewhere around 75% to 80%. And for H2, it is comparatively lower. So on an overall 
basis, FY27, what kind of cost of raw materials we can expect for this year? 
Ekta Soni: So it has always been around 50% only, but we are not able to see that it was around 75%, 80% 
in first half. But as per us, it has always been around 50% to our thing, approximately. 
Sandeep Abhange:               ok, that’s all from my side. 
Moderator: Thank you, The next question is from the line of Madhu Agarwal from Agarwal Family Office. 
Madhu Agarwal: Hi, So of the 39% growth we've seen this quarter, would you be able to break that down into 
how much was volume growth? How much was due to forex? And then how much was 
ultimately realization? 
Ekta Soni: See 39% growth is a Y-o-Y growth, which is there comparatively last quarter of the  same quarter 
of last year compared to this, and it is largely volume led. So we can see 85% growth if you 
compare Y-o-Y has been approximately from the volume growth. 

--- page 11 ---
  Manorama Industries Limited 
  August 14, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 17 
 
Madhu Agarwal: Okay, ok. And then my next question is on the existing capacity. Could you please clarify what 
is the incremental capacity you're expecting from the debottlenecking at the second plant? 
Ekta Soni: So approximately, we are expecting additional 4,500 tons of debottlenecking in this financial 
year, additionally. So our current capacity of 47,500 tons will be going to around approximately 
to around 52,000 tons per annum. 
Madhu Agarwal: And in terms of the margins that we've seen in this quarter, would you say they are sustainable? 
Or was this an exceptionally good quarter? 
Ekta Soni: Sorry, can you repeat your question, please? 
Madhu Agarwal: For the margins that we've seen in Q1, would you say they are sustainable? And should we 
would you guide for similar margins going forward? Or was this an exceptionally good quarter? 
Ekta Soni: See, margins can see modest quarter-to-quarter movement depending on mix and one-off items. 
But the underlying lens range is expected to hold broadly stable. So at the same time, business 
is business. Business has risk also. But we say it should hold the current range in broad terms. 
Madhu Agarwal:                  Understood, ok that’s all from my side. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you, The next question is from the line of Akhil from 360 One Capital. 
Akhil: Yes, Thanks for the opportunity and Many congratulations on the good set of numbers. Sir, my 
first question is on the subsidiary part, right? If I look at consol minus standalone, the revenues 
are close to 0, while the PAT losses have declined from INR 8 crores to INR 3 crores this quarter. 
While subsidiary revenue was probably around INR 8 crores and the losses were INR 8 crores. 
So if you can help tie up these 2 things, basically? 
Ekta Soni: So maybe consolidated turnover, if you talk about, I guess, there is a difference of around INR 
4 lakhs to INR 5 lakhs, which has been reported in the numbers compared to standalone and 
consolidated for this quarter. 
Akhil: No, Ekta, my question is like this quarter, revenue is probably just INR 4 lakhs, INR 5 lakhs, 
while the losses have reduced dramatically from INR 8 crores in fourth quarter of '26 to INR3 
crores.  
Ekta Soni: Yes. Last time, as we have explained, there was one-time cost, which has incurred in some of 
our subsidiaries. As we have explained earlier also last time in the call because of that. And this 
time, we see this cost, what have appeared is on a normal operational cost basis, which is there 
for our different subsidiaries. 
Akhil: So is it fair to assume that the losses will now reduce as we move forward basically from 
subsidiaries? 
Ekta Soni: The costs are at different stages of maturity. And West African entities are mostly for cost 
procurement vehicles with no standalone revenue. So consolidation carries some operating costs 
without corresponding top line. 

--- page 12 ---
  Manorama Industries Limited 
  August 14, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 17 
 
So Brazil also is in a build-out phase as we establish commercial volumes. So these are deliberate 
funded investments in the long-term capability. And we see as these entities scale, directionally, 
their drag on consolidated margins should reduce and over time, turn into a contributor. 
Akhil: Sure. And 2 more questions. One on the other income part, it has gone up significantly. Is it to 
do with the QIP money? And how should one look at it? 
Moderator: Akhil sir, sorry to interrupt, but can you please stay in a quiet room, there's a lot of disturbance 
from your side. 
Akhil: So my second question was on the other income part, right? We did around INR 16-odd crores 
for this quarter. So how should one look at it on a full year basis? And the third question is, if 
you can give a ballpark capex guidance for this year and next year? 
Ekta Soni: So ballpark capex guidance for this year should be around INR 225 crores to INR 250-odd crores 
of investment in financial year approximately in FY27. And likewise, other income is largely 
because of freight and other income is largely for FDR income and forex gains. So it is nothing 
to relate it with the QIP amount as you mentioned for that because that amount we have received 
in this quarter. 
Akhil: Okay. So it should get normalized probably? 
Ekta Soni: Yes. 
Akhil:                                     ok that’s all from my side and best of luck for coming quarters. 
Moderator: Thank you, The next question is from the line of Nishita from Sapphire Capital. 
Nishita: Yes. So I just wanted to understand the capex that you just mentioned of around INR 225 crores 
to INR250 crores, what are we going to use that for like for debottlenecking, how much capex 
are we going to use? And what is the rest of the amount? Where are we going to use that? 
Ekta Soni: So this INR 225 crores, INR 250 crores approximately amount will be used for our new capex 
proposed, which is there, where we are expanding our solvent fractionation capacity, refinery 
capacity and the backward integration project in Burkina Faso. So that debottlenecking capacity 
is hardly a cost of around INR 5 crores to INR 6 crores, which will be there to debottleneck. 
Apart from that, all that money is going to be invest on new proposed capex plan. 
Nishita: Right. Okay. So from what I understand is this solvent fractionation and refinery capacity, this 
is coming in our Indian facility, right? 
Ekta Soni: Yes, it is coming in India, refinery and solvent fractionation, and extraction and expelling 
capacity in Burkina Faso, Africa. 
Nishita: Okay. So if you could bifurcate the capex there. So how much are you going to use for the 
Burkina Faso facility and then the Indian facility? 

--- page 13 ---
  Manorama Industries Limited 
  August 14, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 17 
 
Ekta Soni: So that Burkina Faso facility will be around INR120 crores, INR 130 odd crores approximately, 
and the balance should be for Indian projects out of INR 460 crores of our proposed capex plan. 
Nishita: And this will be operational by Q3 FY28, right? 
Ekta Soni: Tentatively, yes. 
Nishita: Both the facilities? 
Ekta Soni: Yes. Our capex program, yes. 
Nishita: Okay. And my next question is so if you can give the revenue bifurcation from shea butter and 
then the sal, mango seeds, if there is a revenue bifurcation? 
Ekta Soni: Our revenue contribution from each of the raw material is significant. So if you want a 
bifurcation, it will be around 50%, 60% from imported seeds and the 50% around is from 
domestic seeds and butters. So import butters also and seeds also from different parts of the 
world, and we source some seeds and all also from domestic. So the bifurcation will be around 
50%, 60%, largely in same. 
Nishita: Right. And my last question is, so are we on track to achieve our guidance for this year? You 
earlier provided a guidance of around INR1,600 crores to INR1,800 crores. 
Ekta Soni: Sorry, when we have provided this guidance? 
Nishita: In one of the conferences, the Ashika conference. That was way back in November. So just 
wanted to check if we are still on track for that. 
Ekta Soni: No, because see, we have given our guidance on the utilization for our facilities. So in terms of 
numbers, you can extract the numbers or model it as per your calculation. So what guidance we 
are giving on the utilization basis, which should be around 80% of utilization on 52,000 tons of 
plant capacity for this year. 
Nishita:                                  ok, Thank you so much. 
Moderator: Thank you, The next question is from the line of Utkarsh Chanana from SMC Private Wealth. 
Utkarsh Chanana: Hi, so I just wanted to ask about the recent development, which you had posted day before 
yesterday. So in context of that, has the supplier accepted the liability? Or is he willing to pay 
the amount which you have created a debit note for? And can you also confirm whether the 
company will be sourcing from the same supplier? Or are we diversifying the supplier base? 
Ekta Soni: So we already have a very diversified suppliers for this material. We import from a couple of 
countries with different suppliers. That is one supplier from that region. And we are not currently 
based particularly on that particular manufacturer and supplier. 
Utkarsh Chanana: So at the recovery, how much amount or how much percentage are we confident that we will be 
able to recover the amount from the supplier? 

--- page 14 ---
  Manorama Industries Limited 
  August 14, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 17 
 
Ekta Soni: So this is of course, as you have seen in the exchange notification also, we are in the process. 
We already have raised our debit note, and we are claiming the full amount from the 
manufacturer and the supplier of that product. And we are in the process. 
And with a certain time, we are confident when we should be fully see what we can do in terms 
of our recovery from that manufacturer and supplier, and we will update you from time to time 
what has been the progress as per our SEBI regulation. 
Utkarsh Chanana: Thank you so much  and secondly, are we dependent on any particular shipping route for our 
import or exports of raw material or finished goods because as we can see, there is a lot of 
geopolitical disruption. So if you are dependent on a particular route, how are we going to 
mitigate the impact? 
Ekta Soni: See, we are dealing with multiple geographies. If you see, we are supplying to more than 30 
countries in the world, and there are different routes for different countries. We import a lot of 
materials from Africa, Malaysia, Indonesia and a couple of other countries as well. So that's why 
if you see our diversification is very much high in terms of our exports also and in terms of our 
sourcing also for our raw materials. So it should not that way materially impact our sourcing 
strategies for any of our raw material base. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Divyansh Thakur from Finterest Capital. 
Divyansh Thakur: First of all Congratulations on a great set of numbers. I can see in the presentation that we had 
uploaded on the exchanges yesterday that you have said around 85% to 90% utilization of the 
expanded capacity like that added 4,500 tons debottlenecking and 47,500 tons already there. So  
and now we are saying that it's going to be around 80%. If you can just clarify on that? 
Ekta Soni: Currently, executing target for the company is that. But for our stakeholders, we can take 80% 
and whatever improvement is there will be shown and will be shared to our stakeholders. 
Divyansh Thakur: Okay, Thank you mam and also, are we confident of like having the same quarterly growth or 
year-on-year growth, if I'll put it? And how is the external environment shaping up? There are 
many geopolitical tensions, also the ban on the exports. So do we see that a whole Africa or it's 
just a specific country? 
Ekta Soni: To just repeat what we have been saying that this bans, of course, we are talking now for a couple 
of quarters now. We are seeing this macroeconomic, geopolitical tensions going around for a 
couple of quarters now in the past. But the company, of course, we are part of the industry. We 
are part of this full fraternity. And we cannot say that it will not any way not impact us directly. 
But of course, there is an indirect impact, which is there in terms of freight, logistics or could be 
other macroeconomic impact could be there. But as a company, we always navigate it and 
balance it out on what possible ways we could do in terms of our sourcing, exports, managing 
our production and keeping our checks and internal things in line, which should help us in 
meeting our goals and targets. 

--- page 15 ---
  Manorama Industries Limited 
  August 14, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 17 
 
Divyansh Thakur: Okay, ma'am. And also on the last question is that if I heard it right, you mentioned that the new 
capex of INR 460 crores is going to be coming live in the quarter 3 of the next fiscal year, that's 
28. So can I connect it directly that it will start contributing to our top line from Q3? 
Ekta Soni: Of course, that has been expected tentatively to commission around that quarter. So it should 
start contributing gradually from that period. But that full impact will be more visible in the 
FY29 as we ramp up because all these are technical plants and utilization takes place gradually 
so that you can see that it is more visible in the year of FY29. 
Divyansh Thakur:                ok, thank you so much for answering my questions and all the best for coming quarters. 
Moderator: Thank you, The next question is from the line of Deepali Bansal from Ventura Enterprises. 
Deepali Bansal: Hello Good Afternoon everyone , Ma'am, my first question is regarding how much capex have 
we already spent in this quarter out of the INR 225 crores, INR 250 crores that we have planned? 
Ekta Soni: So if we talk about just for this quarter, we have spent around INR 20-odd crores through 
Manorama and our subsidiaries. Until today, we have spent around INR 70 crores out of our 
total proposed capex plan, and we intend to spend approximately around INR 220 odd crores 
more in this financial year for our capex. 
Deepali Bansal: Would you be able to give us how much money you spent to purchase the 24 acre plot for the 
backward integration plant? 
Ekta Soni: But we would not like to specific maybe on part to part. We already have communicated that we 
are going to spend around INR 120 odd crores towards Burkina Faso project. But we would, as 
a company, not be comfortable to share all the finances for each of our investments. Thank you. 
Deepali Bansal: Do we have any numbers regarding the Dekel Corporation? What kind of  I mean, we don't have 
any numbers, like what revenue, what margins for Dekel. 
Ekta Soni: So as of now, we have not done , started  and currently, we don't have any specific numbers to 
share with you from the particularly revenue from the Dekel environment. But one thing we 
need to understand that Dekel, there is a processing facility. 
The production is going to be going from the Indian plant only. So that revenue will be more 
visible from the Indian plant, and that Dekel facility is a processing facility just for a material 
going from Manorama Industries Limited India. 
Moderator: Thank you, The next question is from the line of Akshay from AK Investment. 
Akshay: Congratulations on the great set of numbers. Ma'am, my question was around the capex. So as 
you already highlighted, the INR460 crores capex will be spent till quarter 3 of FY28 and then 
contribution will start from gradually, right? So my question is, currently, our asset turn is around 
7x. So can we expect the same 7x asset turn going forward in FY29, FY30 when this new facility 
will be fully ramped up? 

--- page 16 ---
  Manorama Industries Limited 
  August 14, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 17 
 
Ekta Soni: See, we always have intending to reach on a higher asset turn thing. But to guide you that it will 
be 7x, 8x, 9x, currently today will be not visible for us. But what we can say is historically, what 
has been there in terms of our capex investment, the company will be aiming to perform on that 
direction only going forward. 
But we are very much positive that our new investments in terms of our proposed capex plan 
should give us a good, steady, healthy growth for our near term vision for our 3 to 5 years for 
FY 30, 31, we should be there. 
Akshay: Okay, ma'am. And my second question is around the full year top line expectations. So do we 
have any internal expectation, not absolute number, but in the percentage terms, do we have any 
range for the growth and also the EBITDA margins? Can we expect the same EBITDA margin 
going forward in the next 3 quarters for FY27? 
Ekta Soni: Sir, directionally, what we can guide you as of today is that, yes, we have started FY27 on a very 
healthy note, as you have seen in the performance, what we have published yesterday. And with 
the Q1 performance providing a good base, establishing a good run rate for the year, we also see 
further scope of improvement as the year progresses. 
They are supported by capacity ramp-up, debottlenecking is to be done and a good utilization is 
to be done from our plant. So also, we are very confident on delivering healthy top line growth 
in FY27 as well. 
Akshay: Okay, ma'am. And lastly, you have said that 4,500 MTPA that we are debottlenecking, so 85% 
utilization is on that improved capacity, right, in the full year? 
Ekta Soni: Yes. You can say that 80%, to 85%, the management internal target is around that execution 
level. But as a stakeholder, you should take around 80% of utilization. Any improvement which 
is there around 85% or 90% will be shown and communicated to our shareholders accordingly. 
Moderator: Thank you, The next question is from the line of Abhi Jain from AJ Capital. 
Abhi Jain: Hi, Good Afternoon, I'm just following up on the question of maintaining the asset turn that you 
have been able to achieve in FY26. Now as this capex of INR460 odd crores comes on board by 
FY28 or the second half of FY29 or the first half of FY29, apart from the revenue, my second 
question was on the working capital. 
So if I look at the past history of Manorama, right, if this INR460 crores of capex produces a 7x 
asset turn, it will also require close to about INR 900-odd crores to INR1,000-odd crores of 
working capital as per my calculation. So can you help us guide or understand how do you see 
additional working capital that you will be requiring over the next 2 years? And any plans on 
fundraise or how do you manage it? So some guidance or some hint around that? 
Ekta Soni: Yes, there is a requirement of around 50% in terms of raw material for our business and the kind 
of asset turn, which you have mentioned and what we have done over the past. For that, we are 
very much lined up with our existing bankers.  

--- page 17 ---
  Manorama Industries Limited 
  August 14, 2026 
 
Page 16 of 17 
 
And recently also, if you see, we have successfully completed our fundraising QIP, which was 
around INR 500 crores. That all the money, what we have. We also have INR 150-odd crores 
FDR in form of FDR in company with us, excluding the QIP component. 
And apart from that, we have sanctioned bank limits with us where State Bank of India is our 
lead banker. So we are very much aligned with our near-term vision for this capex plan as well 
in terms of working capital requirement. 
Abhi Jain: So sorry. So you're saying any additional working capital over the next 2 years will be made by 
debt and not necessarily by equity dilution. Is that a fair understanding? 
Ekta Soni: We already have done the equity dilution in the last quarter, right? We have raised INR 500 
crores for that. So of course, we don't need that equity dilution again in a quarter or 2 for that. 
So that is not there in the plan, of course, not. 
Abhi Jain: All the best and great set of numbers. Keep delivering what you have been delivering over the 
past 5 years. So congratulations. 
Moderator: Thank you, The next question is from the line of Rohan Mehta from Ficom Family Office. 
Rohan Mehta: Thank you so much for the opportunity,  So on the other income of about INR16-odd crores, 
could you break that down? How much of it was from forex gain? And on your hedging policy 
as per last quarter, about 60% is currently hedged. So I'm just trying to understand the rationale 
of why not move towards fully hedged position instead? 
Ekta Soni: The historical business policy, we always have been hedging 50%, 60% of the net exposure what 
we have because already we do a lot of imports and exports. So we are a natural hedge company 
as well. So whatever net exposures are left as a policy, historically, we have been hedging 50%, 
60% and that has been in line what the management requirement is. And out of INR16 crores of 
other income gain, INR13 crores gain was from forex part and the rest INR3 crores was in the 
form of other income, part of FDR. 
Rohan Mehta: Okay. And on the debottlenecking, I just want to understand. 
Moderator: Sorry to interrupt, Mr. Mehta, can you please rejoin the queue? The next question is from the 
line of Onkar from Shree Investment. 
Onkar: My question is on the margin trajectory. With the additional capacities coming on I mean, the 
new capex I'm talking about and like the size getting bigger, how do you see operating leverage 
kicking in, in the next 2, 3 years for the company? And also the improvement in the sourcing 
front? Yes, that's it. 
Ekta Soni: See, to guide you what will be there in the 2, 3 years, today will be very difficult for us. But 
directionally, what we can say, we are in a good shape and operating leverage should come into 
the picture. We are going to expand our capacities further, we are improving on our product mix 
as well. 

--- page 18 ---
  Manorama Industries Limited 
  August 14, 2026 
 
Page 17 of 17 
 
Historically, if you see the company has performed over the last 3, 4 years, it has been 20, 25 
consistent quarters where the company have given a good performance in terms of their top line 
or be it on a margin front.  
We have always guided our stakeholders that business is business and business has always risk, 
but we are always working round the clock to optimize the full efficiency of our production, the 
value-added mix and everything, and we remain confident on performing a good set of 
production going forward, and it should improve the efficiencies of the company as well. 
So from a margin point of view, we will say you that whatever the company has been doing 
historically should be considered directionally as a margin thing. And whatever movements are 
there, we would be able to share you on a quarter-to-quarter basis going forward. 
Onkar: Correct. But I'm not asking for any specific numbers, but directionally, with all those things 
which you mentioned and I asked about, the margins should go up from here, right? Not a 
quarterly basis asking for that. But on a yearly or 2-yearly basis, the direction should be upwards, 
right? 
Ekta Soni: So we would direct you for a more sustainable margin. At this moment, we can guide you this 
only for that. Of course, there are multiple levers which are there, which are going to be there, 
which should take company in an improving trajectory only. But to guide you anything today 
will be a little difficult for us. So once we are there, we'll guide you for that. 
Moderator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, due to time constraints, that was the last question for today. 
I now hand the conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Ashish Saraf: We are steadily advancing our aspiration of becoming the partner of choice for the world's 
leading food and confectionery and cosmetic companies through strategic investments in 
research and development, sourcing, manufacturing and market expansion. 
Backed by a strong balance sheet, deep sourcing capabilities and increasingly integrated value 
chain, we are well-positioned to scale our operations, enhance customer partnerships and capture 
the significant opportunities emerging in the global specialty ingredients market. 
As we move forward, our commitment remains unwavering to drive sustainable growth, 
strengthen our global footprint and build a resilient innovation-led business that consistently 
delivers value to all stakeholders. 
On behalf of Manorama Industries, I thank you all for joining the call, and we look forward to 
serve our stakeholders, our suppliers, our forest dwellers, our customers and all people connected 
with Manorama. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. On behalf of Manorama Industries Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank 
you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 