

--- page 1 ---
3 Manorama Industries Limited 
KHASRA No. 2449-2618 
Nr. IIDC, Birkoni 
Mahasamund (C.G.) 
Pin: 493445 
January 31, 2026 
To, To 
The Manager The Manager, 
Listing Department Listing Department 
BSE Limited (“BSE”) National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, (“NSE”) 
Dalal Street, Fort, Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C/1, G Block, Bandra- 
Mumbai 400 001 Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), Mumbai 400 051 
Scrip Code: 541974 Symbol: MANORAMA 
ISIN: INEOOVMO01036 ISIN: INE0OVMO01036 
Subject: Disclosure under Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 - Transcript of Q3 & 9M FY26 Earnings Conference Call held 
on Wednesday, January 28, 2026. 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
In reference to our intimation dated January 22, 2026, and pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Securities 
and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, we 
would like to inform you that the Company had organised an Earnings Conference Call with respect to 
Q3 & 9M FY 26 Results on Wednesday, January 28, 2026 at 05:00 p.m. (IST). A copy of transcript of 
Q3 & 9M FY 26 earnings conference call is enclosed herewith and the same has also been uploaded on 
the Company's website at the below mentioned link: 
https:/manoramagroup.co.in/investors-company-announcements#analyst_meet 
This is for your information and records. 
Thanking You, 
For Manorama Industries Limited 
Deepak Sharma 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
Membership No: A48707 
Encl: As Above 
Corporate Office: Registered Office: 
F-6, Anupam Nagar, = Office No. 701, 7th Floor, Bonanza Building, Raipur-492007, Chhattisgarh, INDIA Certifications: Sahar Plaza Complex, JB Nagar Metro Station 
E-mail: info@manoramagroup.co.in FSSC 22000, ISO 9001, ISO 14001, ISO 4500, RSPO, HALAL, Andheri Kurla Road, Andheri East, 
Tel.: +91-771-2283071, 2282579, 2282457 KOSHER, FAIRTRADE, ORGANIC, FSSAIL, Mumbai, Maharashtra-400059 
Telefax: +91-771-4056958 EcoVadis & Sedex registered and certified. Tel. 022 49743611, 022 67088148 
CIN: L15142MH2005PLC243687 A Government of India Recognized Star Export House 'WWW.Mmanoramagroup.co.in 
GSTIN: 22AAECM3726CIZI ‘GSTIN-27AAECM3726C1ZR.

--- page 2 ---
Page 1 of 20 
 
 
 
“Manorama Industries Limited 
Q3 & 9 Months FY '26 Earnings Conference Call” 
January 28, 2026 
 
 
 
      
 
MANAGEMENT: M R. ASHISH SARAF – CHAIRMAN & MANAGING 
DIRECTOR – MANORAMA INDUSTRIES LIMITED  
 M R. DEEP SARAF – DEPUTY CHIEF EXECUTIVE 
OFFICER – CHIEF COORDINATOR – MANORAMA 
INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
 M R. KRISHNADATH BHAGGAN – DEPUTY CHIEF 
EXECUTIVE OFFICER - BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT & 
VICE PRESIDENT, R&D – MANORAMA INDUSTRIES 
LIMITED 
 M R. ASHOK JAIN – DIRECTOR & CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER – MANORAMA INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
 M RS. EKTA SONI – ASSOCIATE VICE PRESIDENT, 
INVESTOR RELATIONS – MANORAMA INDUSTRIES 
LIMITED 
 M R. DEEPAK SHARMA – COMPANY SECRETARY & 
COMPLIANCE OFFICER – MANORAMA INDUSTRIES 
LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR:  M R. HIRAL KENIYA– E&Y LLP 
 
 


--- page 3 ---
  Manorama Industries Limited 
  January 28, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 20 
 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Q3 and 9 Months FY '26 Conference Call of 
Manorama Industries. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, and 
there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star, then 
zero on your touch-tone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Hiral Keniya from EY. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Hiral Keniya: Thank you, Rudra. Good evening, everyone. On behalf of Manorama Industries Limited, I 
welcome you all to the company's Q3 & 9M FY '26 Conference Call. 
To discuss the performance of the company and to answer your questions, we have with us the 
management team comprising of Mr. Ashish Saraf, Chairman and Managing Director; Mr. Deep 
Saraf, Deputy Chief Executive Officer, Chief Coordinator; Dr. Krishnadath Bhaggan, Deputy 
Chief Executive Officer, Business Development, Vice President - R&D; Mr. Ashok Jain, 
Director and Chief Financial Officer; Mrs. Ekta Soni, AVP, Investor Relations; and Mr. Deepak 
Sharma, Company Secretary and Compliance Officer. 
Before we proceed this call, I would like to draw your attention to the fact that today's discussion 
may contain forward-looking statements that are subject to various risks, uncertainties and other 
factors, which will be beyond management's control. We kindly request to bear in mind that 
there might be uncertainties when interpreting such statements. Please note that this conference 
is being recorded. We would now start the session with opening remarks from the management 
team. Afterwards, we will open the floor for an interactive Q&A session. 
I would now hand over the conference call to Mr. Ashish Saraf for his opening remarks. Thank 
you, and over to you, Sir. 
Ashish Saraf: Thank you, Hiral ji. Good evening, everyone, and a warm welcome to the Manorama Industries 
Limited Earnings Conference Call for Q3 & 9M FY'26. I'm accompanied today on this call by 
our Director and Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Ashok Jain; our Deputy CEO and Chief 
Coordinator, Mr. Deep Saraf; our Deputy CEO, Business Development and Vice President, Mr. 
Krish Bhaggan; our Chief Compliance Officer, Mr. Deepak Sharma; and our Vice President, 
Investor Relations Mrs. Ekta Soni; and other members of our senior management team. 
On the company's behalf, I want to express my gratitude to all our investors, analysts and 
stakeholders for participating in today's call. We are thankful for your ongoing trust and 
continued faith in our long-term vision for the company.  
I am extraordinarily pleased to share that we continue to sustain our growth momentum in the 
Q3 and 9M FY'26. We have reported revenues of INR 363 crores, which reflects a remarkable 
year-on-year growth of 73.3%. This strong performance can be attributed to several key factors, 
including an enhanced mix of value-added products, the optimized utilization of our newly 
upgraded fractionation facility and our commitment to operational excellence. 
Additionally, we have experienced steady demand for our products from our key customers in 
the chocolate, confectionery and cosmetic sectors worldwide. In light of these positive 

--- page 4 ---
  Manorama Industries Limited 
  January 28, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 20 
 
developments, we are excited to announce that we have upwardly revised our financial year '26 
revenue guidance from INR 1,150 crores to INR 1,300 crores. This revision underscores our 
confidence in our growth trajectory and the strength of our business model. 
Our backward integrated model, high-tech R&D, research and development with cutting-edge 
technology and deep sourcing network and the confidence of our hundreds of customers, create 
a defensible competitive moat for Manorama. As many of you know, we operate in a structurally 
undersupplied and high-growth exotic niche specialty fats and butters market. 
To address the increasing demand for specialty fats and butters, we have plans to boost our 
existing capacity by 30%. This expansion will increase our capacity to 52,000 metric tons of 
fractionation per annum through debottlenecking the existing plants, which we expect to 
complete by FY26. 
Furthermore, I'm pleased to report that we have acquired 19.40 acres of new land adjacent to our 
existing facility and simultaneously, we have successfully commissioned a new packing plant 
with the new laboratory building and other infrastructure, all funded through our internal 
accruals. This strategic investment will enhance our operational capabilities and support our 
growth initiatives. Looking ahead, to facilitate the next phase of growth, we are structurally 
planning to enhance the company's capacities in both India and West Africa. We are committing 
a capital expenditure of INR 460 crores over the next 2 to 3 years for the below projects: -  
Forward integration through setting up a manufacturing facility for cocoa butter alternatives with 
75,000 metric tons per annum capacity. 
Setting up a new fractionation manufacturing facility for shea, palm, mango and other exotic 
seeds with 75,000 metric tons per annum capacity, including ESOS.  
Setting up of new refinery manufacturing facility with 90,000 metric tons per annum capacity.  
Backward integration to processing factory in Burkina Faso, West Africa, with 90,000 metric 
tons per annum capacity. 
These investments will enable us to expand our production capabilities and meet the growing 
demand of our markets. At Manorama Industries, we leverage our integrated value chain to 
ensure margin stability and foster long-term customer loyalty. Our backward integration from 
procurement to research and development to super critical fractionation provides us with 
unparalleled control over quality, cost, supply stability and the confidence of our worldwide 
customers. This strategic approach positions us as a trusted partner for our customers in the 
chocolate, confectionery and cosmetic industries who highly value us, regard us and honor us. 
With prudently planned capex, we aim to strengthen our leadership in specialty fats and butter 
with pricing power, robust growth visibility and high structural advantages, all well-positioned 
to deliver sustainable growth for our esteemed stakeholders. 

--- page 5 ---
  Manorama Industries Limited 
  January 28, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 20 
 
With that, I now hand over the call to our Chief Financial Officer and Director, Mr. Ashok Jain, 
to take you through the financial and operational highlights for the quarter and the first half of 
the year. Thank you. 
Ashok Jain: Thank you, Ashish, Sir, and good evening, everyone. Let me through the financial performance 
for the third quarter and 9 months ended December 31, 2025. For 9M FY25-26, Manorama 
Industries reported revenue of INR 975 crores, delivering a strong 81.3% year-on-year growth. 
EBITDA for the period stood at INR 265 crores with margin of 27.2%, while profit after tax was 
INR 174 crores translating into a margin of 17.8%. This improvement in profitability reflects 
our commitment to optimizing our product mix, enhancing capacity utilization and 
implementing disciplined cost control measures. 
 For the Q3 FY '26, revenue stood at INR 363 crores, while EBITDA came at INR 98 crores with 
a margin of 27.1%. Profit after tax for the quarter was INR 68 crores, reflecting a margin of 
18.8%. This result highlights our ability to maintain strong operational performance despite 
ongoing capacity expansion and seasonal fluctuation in the business. 
 With robust business fundamentals, expanding customer relationship and continuous operational 
improvements, we are very confident in our ability to sustain our growth momentum and achieve 
our revenue guidance for the FY 25’-26’. 
 That concludes my remarks. We would now be happy to take your questions. 
Moderator: Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. Anyone who wishes 
to ask question may press star and one from your touch tone telephone. If you wish to remove 
yourself from the question queue, you may press star and two. Participants are requested to use 
handset while asking the question. Ladies and Gentlemen, we will wait for a moment while the 
question queue assembles. The first question is from the line of Jeevan P. from Sahasrar Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Jeevan P.: Congratulations to entire Manorama team for a wonderful set of numbers. I just want to 
understand one thing about the capex. So, we have announced INR 460 crores capex. So I have 
seen the capacity 75,000 tons for CBA and 75,000 tons capacity for fractionation. 
 So just wanted to understand, if you can just explain how is it? Like current capacity is 40,000 
tons, which is going to increase by 52,000 tons by end of this March. So this fractionation 
capacity will be enhanced by further 75,000 tons or how is it? 
Ekta Soni: Yes, sir. The question is related to the capex. So the capex plan, what we have announced is 
related to the fractionation capacity, which is more related to our product, which is called ESOS 
and our other exotic seeds in the line. 
 So that particular capacity of fractionation will be used for making ESOS product and also the 
HPMF, which we're going to use and blend it with our existing stearin component and going 
forward ESOS component to make a better and value-enhanced product. So that particular 
fractionation capacity of 75,000 tons is with respect to the project of ESOS, which we have 
announced for 75,000 tons. So those both capacities are related to each other. 

--- page 6 ---
  Manorama Industries Limited 
  January 28, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 20 
 
Jeevan P.: Okay. And what is ESOS. 
Ekta Soni: ESOS is a process where we are going to convert our soft fractions like Olein and other soft oils 
into a hard fraction, which is called ESOS, enzymatic stearin-oleic-stearic. That will be further 
be used as a different application in the food sector and will be further blended with HPMF, 
which is called hard palm mid fraction, and it will become a CBE component thereafter, which 
has a wider application and usage in the food industry. So that enhanced capacity will be of 
around 75,000 metric tons. So overall, we are going to increase our CBE output capacity with 
this ESOS and SF fractionation. 
Jeevan P.: Okay. Understood. And the pricing will be similar to CBE pricing for this? 
Ekta Soni: Yes. So the pricing are somewhere similar to the cocoa butter equivalent and the existing fat and 
butter prices of our product, existing model. So only the raw material will be different. So the 
raw material will be there will be the soft fractions like the existing olein we manufacture and 
some other commodities oil that we can use in the process of making ESOS. 
Jeevan P.: Okay. Got it, Thanks alot. 
Moderator: Our next question is from the line of Shrenik Mehta from IndoAlps Wealth. Please go ahead. 
Shrenik Mehta: Just some very quick questions. So I see that you have a much higher growth in the cost of goods 
sold, which is the raw material versus the growth in sales. So that is leading to a significant 
shrinkage of the gross margins, almost 8% down versus the previous quarter. So is this some 
one-off kind of a cost? Are you seeing some increase in the raw material cost? What's really 
happening here? 
Ekta Soni: So Sir, with respect to the GP margin, we have always been shared that, that remains in the range 
of 45% to 50%, owing to the freight costs and there are some other byproduct realization. So it 
happens to be in the range of 45% to 50%. So you can consider that range in the model in your 
assumptions and calculations. 
Shrenik Mehta: Okay. This quarter, it is down to 44.3% and the last quarter, it was 52.8%? 
Ekta Soni: It is a range bound because there are a lot of situations with respect to freight costs and our 
byproduct realization. It doesn't impact our EBITDA margin or PAT margin that way. But the 
gross margins are in the range bound of 45% to 50%. 
Shrenik Mehta: Okay. So this doesn't trigger any changes in the price. This is just a normal raw material 
fluctuation in the cost? 
Ekta Soni: Right. Yes, sir. 
Shrenik Mehta: Okay. And you have a major plan right now for increase in the capacities. So this capacity 
increase would possibly take care of the revolutionary growth that you're getting for next at least 
2 more years or how do you see this panning? 

--- page 7 ---
  Manorama Industries Limited 
  January 28, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 20 
 
Ekta Soni: So sir, this capital expenditure, whatever the plan we have for this capex, it is happening in a 
phased manner. And all our investments are going to be deployed over the next 2 to 3 years, 
which aligns our strategy. So the growth we are targeting is for the next 4 to 5 years because our 
existing capacities will give you the growth for the next 1-odd year. and this capacity will give 
you a growth for next 2 to 3 years. So overall, we have a plan and visibility with this capex for 
the next 4 to 5 years of growth. 
Shrenik Mehta: Excellent. Okay. And most of this funding for the capex is through internal accruals, I assume? 
Ekta Soni: Yes. So we are primarily relying on our internal cash accruals, which are very strong and 
sufficient enough to support our planned projects over the next 2 to 3 years. And we already 
have begun deploying these funds. We already have spent INR 52-odd crores towards this capex 
plan, and we intend to continue doing so. But any external kind of financing could be considered 
selectively, if necessary, but we intend to do all through our internal accruals. 
Shrenik Mehta: Thank you for excellent performance from Manorama Industries. Thank you to team. 
Moderator: Our next question is from the line of Kumar Saumya from Ambit Capital. Please go ahead. 
Kumar Saumya: Sir, I have a couple of questions. Firstly, on the revenue growth side, we have seen 81% growth 
on the 9-month year-on-year. If you could help me breakout in terms of... 
Moderator: Sorry to interrupt your audio is not clear. 
Kumar Saumya: Okay, I'll come back in the queue. 
Moderator: Our next question is from the line of Rohan Mehta from Ficom Family Office. 
Rohan Mehta: Thank you so much for the opportunity and congratulations on a great set of numbers. So firstly, 
I wanted to clarify in your press release, the forward integration project that you have mentioned 
for cocoa butter alternatives, this is essentially the fractionation capacity we are talking about. 
Is it true? 
Ekta Soni: Yes. So if you see the project, so there are four projects which we have mentioned. So out of 
four projects, one is which is related to Burkina Faso project, which is going to come in Africa, 
that is a backward integration project. 
The rest of the three projects, which is related to solvent fractionation capacity of 75,000 tons 
and also the ESOP CBA capacity of 75,000 tons and refinery of 90,000 tons are in a similar line 
of production, which is related to a forward integration plan of the company. 
Rohan Mehta: Okay. So in terms of the pricing for cocoa butter alternatives compared to stearin and CBE, how 
does that compare? Is this margin dilutive? Can you give some thoughts on that? 
Ekta Soni: So the products which we are going to come, of course, they are not going to be a margin dilutive 
thing. Of course, we are looking for the same sustainable margin level what we have currently 
in our business, even we are looking for a better level. But the margins are going to be maintained 
with the new projects coming up with those products also. 

--- page 8 ---
  Manorama Industries Limited 
  January 28, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 20 
 
Rohan Mehta: Okay. And purely just isolating for the fractionation capacity of 75,000 tons, what would be 
roughly a broad range of cost that you're looking at right now and the asset turns that you're 
looking to generate from this? 
Ekta Soni: So if I want to bifurcate out of our capex plan of INR 450 crores, so approximately INR 300 
crores to INR 330 crores would be attributed to this forward integration projects, which we are 
targeting an asset turnover of more than five with our investments. 
Rohan Mehta: Okay. And my final question is on your working capital needs. So incrementally, after taking 
into account even the backward integration projects, what sort of working capital needs will you 
require going forward? 
Ekta Soni: Sorry, can you repeat the question? 
Rohan Mehta: Yes. So my question is on working capital requirement. So after conducting the backward 
integration projects and once the forward integration project of cocoa butter alternatives comes 
online, how much incremental working capital requirement do you foresee? 
Ekta Soni: So for those projects which we are coming up, the working capital would be around 1 or the 2 
months of the cycle because those for forward integration because those raw materials are very 
different, which is not related to current raw material of the products. So those raw materials 
could be the captive consumption of our only and maybe some other soft oil, which we can have 
imported from some other sources. 
So those working capital cycle will be much, much lesser compared to our existing business 
model, which is existingly, which is around 5 to 6 months. So that will be around 1 to 3 months 
of working capital, which we will be required for that business, that project. 
Rohan Mehta: 1 to 3 months? 
Ekta Soni: Yes, 1 to 2 months. 
Rohan Mehta: Got it. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Sanjay Manyal from DAM Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Sanjay Manyal: Congratulations on a good set of numbers. My two questions. One is 73% kind of a revenue 
growth. What would be the volume growth over here and what would be the pricing growth? 
That's my first question? 
Ekta Soni: So you are talking 73% on Y-on-Y basis, right? 
Sanjay Manyal: Yes, 73% Y-o-Y basis. 
Ekta Soni: So in the 9 months that it's more related, the growth would be around 65%-odd from the volume 
growth and the rest would be the inflation adding growth with respect to the pricing. So we have 

--- page 9 ---
  Manorama Industries Limited 
  January 28, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 20 
 
utilized our capacity, which we have commenced last year of 25,000 tons. So that attributes 
mainly to our growth in this number. 
Sanjay Manyal: And also give me -- at what price we are doing incremental volumes at what price we are locking 
our cocoa butter equivalent. At what price we are locking a cocoa butter equivalent for the future 
contracts? 
Ekta Soni: So that is one product, sir, which is there in the portfolio and we are locking in the same prices 
what we have been locking in the past. 
Sanjay Manyal: Okay. And one last on the employee expense front. I think during the quarter, it seems the 
employee expense has been down by 23%. What could be the reason for that? 
Ekta Soni: 23%? 
Sanjay Manyal: That seems what I could... 
Ashok Jain: It was the ESOP provision. So we have completed our -- we have granted the ESOP to the 
employees. And now it is not required to make the provision for the ESOP. 
Sanjay Manyal: Okay. Fine. That’s all from my side. Thanks. 
Moderator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Koushik Mohan from Ashika Group. Please go 
ahead. 
Koushik Mohan: Congrats on the good set of numbers, sir. I just wanted to understand like towards INR 460 
crores of capacity that we are putting up, right, in that, how much currently from this year 
balance sheet that we can do an internal accrual? 
Ekta Soni: So we have plans. We already have invested around INR 50-odd crores towards capex, buying 
the land and building, packing and other supporting infrastructure. We plan to invest 
approximately INR 70 to 80 crores in this financial year to build capex. And in the next financial 
year, we are planning to spend around INR 100 to 150 crores towards our capex plan of the 
project. 
Koushik Mohan: Okay. So with this capex, ma'am in the previous call, you told that we can do 5x on asset turns. 
So can we assume safely INR 2,000 crores on the top line can be added with this capex over the 
next 3 years? 
Ekta Soni: Yes. So in terms of the asset turn, we expect it to be more than 5x. So if the calculation comes 
exactly what you have said right now. 
Koushik Mohan: Okay. And currently, what is our capacity utilization for 40,000 metric tons that we have? 
Ekta Soni: It is around 85% capacity utilization for our plant combined. 
Koushik Mohan: Okay. So 1 year more growth is left out in sense. Are we also considering the recent 12,000 
metric tons addition that is 52,000 metric tons, 52,000 for next year? 

--- page 10 ---
  Manorama Industries Limited 
  January 28, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 20 
 
Ekta Soni: We are already increasing our throughput approximately by 30% through debottlenecking. So 
that will cater to the growth for the next odd years and the next 2 years, you can say. So we have 
good room for the growth for the next 2 years. And with the capex coming in, we see a very 
good growth overall for the next 4 to 5 years. 
Koushik Mohan: Okay. Ma'am lot of people in the industry like will be saying that cocoa prices are going down 
from the last 2 years and all. So how are we differentiating ourselves from the cocoa prices like 
can you just explain that because our margins are maintained, our numbers are maintained and 
we are on the growth phase and we are doing fantastic numbers. So can you just give that 
bifurcation that why are we not related to cocoa prices? 
Ekta Soni: So sir, our performance should answer that, as you have rightly said that we are doing good 
performance despite cocoa butter prices volatility. But I can explain you the technicality and 
how our product is not related to cocoa butter per se, recycling moving and everything. Our CBE 
fats and butters are developed through specialized fat blending and fractionation.  
It has advanced formulation and R&D expertise, which is there to make functional fats based on 
our customer application. So hence, our prices are not directly related to any commodity cycles. 
So we are manufacturers of cocoa butter equivalent, which is a more technology and 
formulation-driven business, not a commodity business. And hence, we are like more solution-
oriented rather than a commodity-linked business.  
And our customer relations are more application-specific and technical. So once we have 
developed the product with our clients for their formulation, so the customer happens to be there 
for a longer term. So overnight changes in any of the commodity cycle will not hamper our 
demand or pricing model for our business because our raw material base is very different than 
cocoa butter raw material. 
So that will be volatile because that is a commodity and our raw material prices are sustained 
because we are not a commodity business. We are doing a very niche, manufacturing a very 
niche technical product for our customers. 
Kaushik Mohan: What is the average volume prices that we are selling now? Is it around the range of INR 550 
something around? Is that right? 
Ekta Soni: So it is in the same range what we have been selling to our customers. So we are doing cost plus 
margin basis business model. So our product prices are similar. 
Kaushik Mohan: Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Ninad Sarpotdar from Aditya Birla Money. 
Please go ahead. 
Ninad Sarpotdar: Congratulations on a good set of numbers. Just two-three questions. First, that did we do any 
volumes from the upgraded facility and any volumes from the Dekel Group in these quarters? 
Ekta Soni: So sorry, you need volume numbers for what? 

--- page 11 ---
  Manorama Industries Limited 
  January 28, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 20 
 
Ninad Sarpotdar: I mean I just wanted to understand that has the new upgraded facility of 12,000 metric tons and 
the JV with the Dekel Group has any contributions to the top line in current quarter? 
Ekta Soni: So that upgraded 12,000 capacity it's currently in the process. So that facility expanded capacity 
will be available from the Q1 onwards to the company. And yes, we have also started our batches 
with Dekel and we are in the process of doing that. 
Ninad Sarpotdar: So during current quarter, no contribution from that as such, right? 
Ashok Jain: Yes. Dekel, we have started the revenue from it. 
Ekta Soni: So we have minor contribution, which is there from the Dekel as we have just started our ramp-
up with them. 
Ninad Sarpotdar: Okay. And my second question is, so you have planned a lot of new capex and backward 
integration projects. So on the margins front, you have been guiding on a very conservative basis 
of around 25 percentage. But can we see these margins stabilizing or becoming the new normal 
or any more accretion from new product lines that you are launching, maybe the cocoa butter 
alternatives and the PMF backward integration and the Burkina Faso projects? 
Ekta Soni: See, sir, we believe that the current margin, which is around 25% to 27%, which we always share 
and guide in the range happens to be on a sustainable mode. But of course, we are in the 
trajectory to improve over the medium term and in the longer term because there are multi-level 
strategies.  
We are coming up with projects, which is related to forward and backward that should really 
help in improving the margins, and we are working for that. But you can take the current 
margins, for example, as a more sustainable level. And as far as the business, we are working 
we are doing everything for that. 
Ninad Sarpotdar: Okay. Got it. Just one last question, just needed some clarity on my understanding that the new 
75,000 MTPA of CBA facility is the new product that you were talking about with a lower 
working capital cycle. And the 75,000 MTPA of solvent fractionation is in line with the existing 
52,000 -- I mean, the similar technology and similar kind of output facility, right? 
Ekta Soni: So that 75,000 is related to the new product of CBA, which is ESOS and the other products what 
we have mentioned in the project details. So both the capacities are for each other. It's not related 
to the existing project. 
Ninad Sarpotdar: So both are new? 
Ekta Soni: Yes. So those will be the new products coming out of both assets, the new solvent fractionation 
capacity and the ESOS one. So both the projects are related to each other in terms of capacity 
and output. 
Ninad Sarpotdar: So just to get clarity, it's not fungible. It's a completely different line, right? 

--- page 12 ---
  Manorama Industries Limited 
  January 28, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 20 
 
Ekta Soni: No, it is fungible. Of course, we can run any exotic seed in that dedicated new solvent 
fractionation capacity, but that will be more used for the new 75,000 CBA capacity, which we 
have announced.  
Ninad Sarpotdar: Okay, got it. Thanks. 
Moderator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Rehan Saiyyed from Trinetra Asset Managers. 
Please go ahead. 
Rehan Saiyyed: Thank you for the opportunity. So my first question is around, like, I wanted an understanding 
regarding cocoa butter… 
Moderator: Sorry to interrupt, you're not clear. 
Rehan Saiyyed: Okay, may I repeat my question again? 
Moderator: Yes, but I request you to be a little more clear. 
Rehan Saiyyed: I want some understanding regarding the CBA specialty that you have put it now. So you have 
done forward integration toward 75,000 tons per annum for cocoa butter alternative. So how 
does the margin profile in competitive landscape for CBA differs from your CBE. And do you 
intend to target as the same for Fortune 500 client base with this product? 
Ekta Soni: The clients in the market for CBA products are also same. It is going to be used in the food 
sector. It could be in chocolate, it could be in confectionery, it could be in other HoReCa kind 
of a market. So the applications of both the products are similar only into the food sector, and 
we will have good margins in that product line also as we are doing in the current business 
model. 
Rehan Saiyyed:  Okay. And my second question is around your Dekel partnership in Brazil that you have done. 
The first commercial production that has the Dekel partnership in Brazil was in quarter 3 FY 
'23. So could you provide a road map for the expected revenue contribution from this partnership 
in FY '27? And what are the logistical advantages of manufacturing in Brazil versus exporting 
from Raipur plant? 
Ekta Soni:  So the advantage is more related that we will have a geographical presence in that region because 
LatAm being the huge market and is the biggest consumption for this. So the advantage is more 
for being the local presence there and cater to all customers, not just the top 5, top 6 customers 
in the world. So the idea is that to be there, and it will help in a lot of facilities and everything.  
Also the idea of getting into the projects like CBA or Solvent fractionation 3 is to increase the 
output product of stearin or the hard fat, which we already make. So overall, if you see the 
capacity or the projects which we are coming up with is related to the hard fat only. So we are 
going to have a very diversified raw material base in those projects. We can also use our olein 
as a captive consumption to make the stearin and the cocoa butter equivalent.  
So the overall idea to have that project is to make more and more production of the stearin-based 
fats and more cocoa butter equivalent, which has a wider application and different usage in the 

--- page 13 ---
  Manorama Industries Limited 
  January 28, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 20 
 
industry as well. So that is going to increase the output of our production capacity of stearin and 
CBE. 
Rehan Saiyyed:  That’s it from my side. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Akhil Parekh from B&K Securities. Please go 
ahead. 
Akhil Parekh: Thanks for the opportunity. Many congratulations on a good set of numbers. My first question 
is just a clarity, right, on the margin front, the gross profit per kg is the right metric or margin is 
the right metric to evaluate our business. I believe that in one of the questions when you replied, 
you said you work on a cost per basis model. So GP per kg would be the right number to look 
at, right, rather than gross margin?  
Ekta Soni:  EBITDA level. 
Akhil Parekh: EBITDA per kg? 
Ashok Jain: Yes, we see the overall as a whole business EBITDA. So you can take the EBITDA which is a 
sustainable margin. 
Akhil Parekh: No, I got it. But is it the per kg which is the number which we should look at? Margins may 
fluctuate, right, I believe because we are in a processing business and because of the fluctuation 
in the raw material, the GP margins can fluctuate and EBITDA margins can accordingly 
fluctuate and hence, per kg is the right metric. That's my understanding. I mean please clarify if 
I'm wrong. 
Ekta Soni:  At EBITDA level, we have actually maintained our margins. So that fluctuation is not on the 
EBITDA part. So you can take EBITDA margin on a per ton basis. 
Akhil Parekh: Okay. Yes. So per ton-wise, how it does vary on a Y-o-Y basis, EBITDA per ton? 
Ekta Soni:  Because we deal with the different raw materials and there are different yield and parity of 
individual feeds, so there is no that calculation, because we see on a blended level basis. For you 
to take that assumption will not get you on the right calculation because there are different raw 
materials we deal with and there are different yields and different products and different parity 
also for all those seeds, we do. So on a blending level, you can see that particular margin on the 
business level. 
Akhil Parekh: Sure. Second question on the capex front, INR 460 crores, of which almost everything will be 
on internal accrual basis or where we will need to raise some capital? 
Ekta Soni: So, sir there are no immediate plans, you know, to look for capital external financing, be it debt 
or be it equity. We are more relying on our internal accruals because we have good cash accruals, 
and we are going to be have one. So -- but the options, we will look when the time is going to 
be right. But as of now, there are no immediate plans for external funding. 

--- page 14 ---
  Manorama Industries Limited 
  January 28, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 20 
 
Akhil Parekh: Sure. And just last two more questions. One is on the other income part, right? There is a sharp 
jump in other income in 3Q. Any specific reasons for that? 
Ashok Jain: This was the forex gain loss on the import side, which we have imported our shea nuts and other 
butters in the last quarter. And we mentioned this is a difference of what we have paid and what 
we have goods when reached India. So there is a forex gain loss on the import side majorly. 
Akhil Parekh: It's more of an inventory gain, is that understanding? 
Ashok Jain: Yes, you can say, it is a part of forex. It is not what we have paid and what we have booked for 
as a purchase. So, there is a difference of the total. 
Akhil Parekh: On the forex side, you said. Sorry, I lost... 
Ashok Jain: Yes, forex side, sir. 
Akhil Parekh: Okay. Got it, got. And lastly, on the value-added product contribution, if you can give that 
number for the third quarter. 
Ekta Soni: Value-added portion to sales is around 75%, which is like includes our value-added products 
like the stearin and the cocoa butter equivalent. 
Akhil Parekh: Okay. 75%? 
Ekta Soni: 75% to sales approximately. 
Akhil Parekh: Got it. That's all from my side and best wishes for coming quarters. 
Ekta Soni: Thank you, Sir. 
Moderator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Kumar Saumya from Ambit Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Kumar Saumya: So, Ekta, my first question is on the capacity expansion side. When you say refinery capacity 
for expansion of 90,000 tons, does it mean the existing 45,000 tons of refinery goes up by 90,000 
tons? 
Ekta Soni: No, that will be the additional 90,000 MTPA capacity, Kumar. So beyond 55,000 MTPA 
capacity, we are going to add 300 metric tons per day capacity in the refinery. Which will be 
linked to our new capacity expansion of 75,000 tons of fractionation and ESOS. 
Kumar Saumya: Okay. Got it. So this refinery used to feed the 75,000 MTPA expansion that you have? 
Ekta Soni: And other specialty products. So that will help in that. 
Kumar Saumya: And should one look at the 75,000 MTPA capacity separately? Or is it fungible? Like if I'm 
looking at 52,000 tons fractionation today or by the end of this year, so that will add another 
75,000 ton over it or 150,000 tons over it? 

--- page 15 ---
  Manorama Industries Limited 
  January 28, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 20 
 
Ekta Soni: So see, you need to understand that 75,000 MTPA of both CBE and SF3 is one plant, if you can 
say. So that the capacity and the production of stearin, of course, is going to increase accordingly. 
So it will be beyond 52,000 tons, we are adding 75,000 capacity. So that will only help in 
production of the stearin and the CBEs accordingly. The production is for the same product 
through different process. 
Kumar Saumya: Okay. So we should look at it as a way, like 75,000 MTPA additional is coming, either you can 
make CBA or CBE? 
Ekta Soni: That is right, the way to say. 
Kumar Saumya: And yield is same, either we make CBA or CBE, the yield will be same? 
Ekta Soni: Yes, it would be slightly better in that process. 
Kumar Saumya: Got it. Got it. And, Ekta, in your initial question, you said the 81% growth in the 9 months is 
driven by 65% growth in volume and 15%, 16% on value. Did I get it right? 
Ekta Soni: No, sir, I guess the 73% is the Y-o-Y growth, if I'm not wrong. 
Kumar Saumya: Okay. No, I was looking from a 9-month perspective. 
Ashok Jain: Sir, 9 months is 73%. 
Ekta Soni: 73%. 
Ashok Jain: Out of the 73%, 90% is the volume growth. Rest is inflation and other entities. 
Kumar Saumya: Okay. Got it. And sir on the working capital side where are we currently?  
Ashok Jain: Currently, working capital cycle is 120 days. 
Kumar Saumya: 120 days on sales or cost? 
Ashok Jain: On sales. 
Kumar Saumya: Okay. And this was compared to H1 levels of roughly 200 days, right? 
Ashok Jain: H1 was around 150, 160 days. 
Ekta Soni: Working capital days was 95. 
Ashok Jain: And currently, working capital cycle is 120 days. The H1 was 90 days. 
Kumar Saumya: H1 was 90 days. Got it. And lastly, sir, on the Mexico plant, what would be the volume that 
you're looking for this year? 
Ashok Jain: More than 2,000 tons, we hope that this year will be delivered approximate. 

--- page 16 ---
  Manorama Industries Limited 
  January 28, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 20 
 
Kumar Singh: More than 2,000 tons from there. And sir, lastly, on the 9-month number, what would be the 
CBE contribution? 
Ekta Soni: CBE contribution to sales is around 30%. 
Kumar Saumya: 30%? Got it. Thank you.  
Ashok Jain: Together around approximate 75% value-added product. Approximate. 
Kumar Saumya: 75% is value-added, CBE is 30%. 
Ashok Jain: CBE is 30%. 
Kumar Saumya: Got it. Thank you.  
Moderator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Aashish Upganlawar from InvesQ PMS. Please 
go ahead. 
Aashish Upganlawar: Yes. Thank you so much for this opportunity. Ma'am, I'm looking at your company for the first 
time in so much detail. Just wanted to understand from you on the working capital side because 
in the last year published balance sheet, I could see that cash conversion cycle of the core 
operating -- core working capital, which is debtors, inventory and payables, that was around 
500-odd days of sales. So what is the other part which you're saying has come down to 125 days 
on the working capital net basis now. So that is what I wanted to understand. 
Ekta Soni: So, Sir, which year's balance sheet or financial year you are referring? 
Aashish Upganlawar: This is March '25 on screener, I could see that the core working capital is around 500. 
Ashok Jain: On balance date, but you should take as an average inventory days because we procured the raw 
material for 20 days for the whole year. So at the end of the balance sheet it’s seem high, but the 
average is still around 150 days, 160 days, 90 days because once we bought the inventory, it is 
gradually monthly reduce the inventory level. So we keep around 150 days inventory as you can 
take it. 
Aashish Upganlawar: Okay. On a regular basis, you're saying 150 days of inventory is there already? 
Ashok Jain: Yes. Inventory and other things reduce. 
Aashish Upganlawar: Okay. So on net basis it comes to about 125 days… 
Ashok Jain: Right now 120 days because sir the inventory which is at the end of balance sheet comes to 
revenue next year.  
Aashish Upganlawar: And you mentioned something that the working capital cycle would further improve because of 
the new product, is it new product that you… 
Ashok Jain: Yes.  

--- page 17 ---
  Manorama Industries Limited 
  January 28, 2026 
 
Page 16 of 20 
 
Aashish Upganlawar: So how is it likely to move maybe over the next couple of years? 
Ashok Jain: So you can take 90 to 100 days working capital cycle days going forward after this new capacity, 
it will be reduced around 10, 20 days more. So 2 to 3 months we required the inventory 
approximately. 
Aashish Upganlawar: Okay. And lastly, I mean, since it's a brief call your margins, I mean, if I look at history, it's gone 
from 25%, 28%. Again, it came down to 15%. And now it's again -- I mean, over years, it's come 
down to again, 25%, 27%. So is there a cycle like that or because you mentioned that these 
margins are sustainable. So what is the change that has happened all these years? 
Ekta Soni: So because the new -- we have come up with our new capex line in the last year 2024 July. And 
the utilization has come up well from the plant and that's why we can see the better margins. 
Also, we have improved the product mix. We have improved the share of value-added products.  
And because of the operational excellences and the economic leverage, we can report a very 
good margins. Those margins, which was related to a couple of years back, which was around 
16%, 17%. So that was on a low utilization basis, which was there and we were coming up with 
a new project. So the margins which we are reporting now are sustainable on that level of 25% 
to 27%. 
Aashish Upganlawar: Sure. Thank you so much. I will take it in detail maybe one-on-one meeting maybe some time. 
Thank you so much. 
Ekta Soni: Thank you, sir. 
Moderator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Jainam Doshi from Kriis PMS. Please go ahead. 
Jainam Doshi: Congratulations on an excellent set of numbers. I just wanted to understand like the price of 
cocoa has corrected by 60% in a year. And I'm aware that we are like not directly related to the 
commodity. But if the price of cocoa has come down, is it necessary for the price of cocoa butter 
itself as a commodity per se to come down in the same proportion or does the metrics work other 
way? 
Ekta Soni: So you're asking for cocoa butter or cocoa butter equivalent? 
Jainam Doshi: For the cocoa butter? 
Ekta Soni: So that is a commodity that is linked to cocoa beans and it will act accordingly. We can tell you 
for cocoa butter equivalent. 
Jainam Doshi: So if you could throw some light on the cocoa butter equivalents also, then that would be helpful? 
Ekta Soni: Yes. Though, we are maintaining our prices because it had gone to $25,000, $30,000 of cocoa 
butter price at one point during the last 2 years. But our prices were still sustainable because we 
were doing a cost plus margin basis model. And today also it is the same. We are doing that 
particular model only for our products and also for cocoa butter equivalent. So there is that no 
impact on our pricing model, whether the commodity prices are getting increasing or reducing. 

--- page 18 ---
  Manorama Industries Limited 
  January 28, 2026 
 
Page 17 of 20 
 
Jainam Doshi: Okay. Got it. So next would be like the EU deforestation rules that have been like postponed 
until December 2026. So like does it have any impact on our sourcing of raw materials or is it 
only pertaining to the cocoa? 
Ekta Soni: So that is only related to, I guess, cocoa because that regulation applies for cocoa beans, I guess. 
So there is nothing which is there for our raw material base we are like buying from the forest. 
It is not a farm product or a crop product, which we are buying. So -and we are not cutting trees 
and buying our thing. It's a forest wasted products what we are buying from the deepest forest 
of India and West Africa. So hence, there is no impact of that regulation in our business. 
Jainam Doshi: Right. Got it. So the current mix of value-added products, as you mentioned is around 75%. So 
how do we see this mix inching up like in next 1 or 2 years going ahead? 
Ekta Soni: So we intend to do approximately 85%, 90% of our sales with respect to value-added going 
forward, our core products, the soft fats, which is also going to be converted into a value-added 
product. So the idea and the intent approximately to do 90%, 95% of the business towards value-
added product. 
Jainam Doshi: Okay. And with the total capacities coming on stream in next 3, 4 years, do we see like clocking 
a revenue of around INR 4,500 crores, INR 5,000 crores based on the capex and the turns which 
we have launched? 
Ekta Soni: So the asset turn, what we have said is right for the project which we have announced forward 
related integration project and we can see a very good growth going forward for the next 5 years. 
So this capex will suffice our growth for the next 5 years. So you can have that calculation 
accordingly. 
Jainam Doshi: Okay. Got it. Thank you. All the best. 
Moderator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Darshil Jhaveri from Crown Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Darshil Jhaveri: Hello. Good evening. Thank you so much for taking my question. Firstly, congratulations on a 
great set of results. Hopefully, I'm audible.  
Ekta Soni: Yes, sir. 
Darshil Jhaveri: Yes. Hi, sir. So I just wanted to ask in regards to like our capex, our capex is going to come in 
phased manner online. So will it come like in FY '28 or how will it come online in first place? 
Ekta Soni: Yes. So there are four projects which will be commencing in a phased manner. So we intend to 
commence all our production capacity approximately by the financial year FY'28. So over the 
next 2 odd years, 3 years, all the capacity will be commenced. And as and when the capacity 
starts getting commercialized, we are going to update you on that particular capacity. 
Darshil Jhaveri: Okay. So ma'am, in FY'27, that is the next year, whatever revenue growth we can have is from 
the debottlenecking, right? So any kind of guidance that we can give for what FY '27 can be in 

--- page 19 ---
  Manorama Industries Limited 
  January 28, 2026 
 
Page 18 of 20 
 
terms of revenue because there will be a 30% increase in capacity, right? So can we assume a 
commensurate increase in revenue? 
Ekta Soni: We, of course, are having good growth with respect to the capacity and we will have ample of 
room 30% in the new capacity, 15% still available in the existing capacity. So almost 40% to 
45% growth is still there to be done in the next 1 or 2 years. So we are looking for, again, a good 
number for the coming year as well for a good growth. 
Darshil Jhaveri: Can we quantify it like in a percentage range term also, that would also be okay? 
Ekta Soni: So you can take approximately range on and above 30% that should come. 
Ashok Jain: We will update you on that. 
Darshil Jhaveri: Okay. Fair enough. Fair enough, ma'am. And the capex would be like, as you said, FY'28, so 
that will be first phase, second phase or like how would it be like full might we get completed 
by FY'28, '29, right? Like that would be -- if we could have some more detail on that, like how 
much would Phase 1 be kind of like? 
Ekta Soni: So Phase 1 manner would be -- we have started doing our projects in West Africa, and we have 
bought land here in India. We have identified land in Burkina Faso, and we are already in the 
verge of ordering all the equipment and related things for all the capacities. So all will go 
simultaneously parallelly each other. So we can have the capacities coming and rolling maybe 
next 1, 1.5 years, we can have 1, 2 capacities ready and maybe in the next 2 or 3 years, we can 
have all our capacities ready. 
Darshil Jhaveri: Okay. Fair enough. Thank you so much. That’s it from side. All the best. 
Ekta Soni: Thank you. 
Moderator: Our next question is from the line of Janhvi Shah from Share India. Please go ahead. 
Janhvi Shah: By the way, congratulations on the good set of numbers. I had a bit of technical questions on the 
capex that you announced. I didn't understand as to exactly where does this solvent fractionation 
plant sit and same with this CBE one. Is it helpful for the existing plant? I understand this is 
entirely a new product that we are launching. And for that, we need this. So is either of these 
useful in the already CBE in the plant that we already have? 
Ekta Soni: Is a total new capacity. We actually have sufficient capacity for an existing facility of  52,000 
tons. So all the new capacities or the projects which we have announced is for the new product 
and production of our stearin fats and cocoa butter equivalent specialty fats and butters. So that 
kind of production. 
Janhvi Shah: And how is CBA different from CBE first? And second, for these 2 plants, our raw materials are 
going to be different. You mentioned that. How are they different? Like we are converting soft 
fat to hard fat. So we'll use the only that we are already produced and maybe we'll get some more 
from elsewhere. But at the same time... 

--- page 20 ---
  Manorama Industries Limited 
  January 28, 2026 
 
Page 19 of 20 
 
Ekta Soni: Yes, that is right. So we are going to do a captive consumption of our olein product as well, as 
well as along with our olein product, we can also have some soft fraction being quoted through 
other sources. So the idea of that CBE is to have a diversified raw material base and the products, 
which can be offered to all our clients because it has got the same applications and acceptability 
of the product in the food market, and it has also got a huge demand. 
So that is why we have diversified our raw material base and the working capital also will be 
reduced significantly in that particular business, because we are going to use the captive 
consumption of our olein and as well as some of the soft fractions through some other sources. 
Janhvi Shah: Okay. So for this, we wouldn't need the refinery or the first 2, 3 stages. We just require the 
solvent fractionation. We'll get the only put that and we will get the hard part out. 
Ekta Soni: Yes. So we will need the CBA facility. We will need the fractionation and we will need the 
refinery. So we will not be needing the selling and the extraction facility in this. 
Janhvi Shah: And that's why the cycle is lower. 
Ekta Soni: Yes. 
Janhvi Shah: Okay. And so like right now, we are at a capacity of 52,000 MTPA at the end of the year. We 
are looking at a capacity for CBE at 75,000 MTPA, which will come online, I think, in the next 
2 to 3 years. Do we have that demand from the market? 
Ekta Soni: Yes, of course, we have that demand visibility for the products because there is a huge demand 
supply gap in the current industry for the products which we are manufacturing because all these 
products are very niche and the applications are very formulated and solution based on the 
customer applications. So of course, like we have been expanding more than 10 times we have 
expanded in the past. 
And because of the demand only and because of the visibility only, we have been expanding. 
And these projects we have taken keeping that in the sense also that will help us diversify the 
raw material base and have a better product portfolio in the basket of Manorama. 
Janhvi Shah: Thank you so much. And sorry, just one last question. Any of these projects will have like a 
margin implication for us, it will improve our margins? 
Ekta Soni: Yes, of course, that is the reason we are taking all these steps towards increasing and our margin 
trajectory. 
Janhvi Shah: Any guidance for the same? 
Ekta Soni: You should take current as a sustainable margin. So any improvement we are going to guide you 
further. So we'll be there every quarter. So we'll be communicating to you quarter wise only. 
Janhvi Shah: Thank you so much. 
Ekta Soni: Thank you. 

--- page 21 ---
  Manorama Industries Limited 
  January 28, 2026 
 
Page 20 of 20 
 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, due to time constraint, we take that as a last question. I would now like 
to hand the conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Ashish Saraf: I sincerely thank all the participants for joining us for the Manorama Industries Q3 and 9M 
FY'26 Earnings Conference Call. Our company is strengthening its reputation as a trustworthy 
and leading provider dedicated to addressing the increasing demand for sustainable cocoa butter 
equivalent, cocoa butter alternatives, specialty fats, stearin and butters for the whole world. 
Business is business. Business always has risks, and we are trying with a sustainable way to 
overcome all the challenges being thrown at us. 
We strive to be the preferred supplier of specialty fats and butters, for both our global and 
domestic customers by focusing on research and development cutting-edge technology, and 
expanding our international presence and national presence by enhancing our capacity, backed 
by a strong balance sheet. I thank all our stakeholders and everybody for reposing their faith on 
us, and they are giving us their trust and considering us for their presence. Thank you. Thank 
you very much. 
Moderator: Thank you. On behalf of Manorama Industries Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank 
you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 