

--- page 1 ---
August 27, 2026 
To, 
The Manager 
Listing Department 
To, 
The Manager 
Listing Department 
Manorama 
Industries Limited 
K.HASRA No. - 2449-2610, 
Parswani Road, Near 
Birkoni Industrial Area, 
Mahasamund (C.G.)- 493445 
BSE Limited ("BSE"), 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Fort, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited ("NSE"), 
Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C/1, G Block, 
Mumbai 400 001 
BSE Scrip Code: 541974 
ISIN: INE00VM01036 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), 
Mumbai 400 051 
NSE Symbol: MANORAMA 
ISIN: INE00VM01036 
Subject : Integrated Annual Report for the Financial Year 2025-26 and Notice of the 21st 
Annual General Meeting of Manorama Indus tries Limited ("the Company"). 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
With reference to captioned subject and pursuant to Regulation 30 and 34(1) of the SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed herewith the 2 I 51 
Annual Report of Manorama Industries Limited for the financial year 2025-26 and Notice convening the 
21'1 Annual General Meeting scheduled to be held on Monday, September 21, 2026, at 3:00 P.M. (1ST) 
through Video Conferencing ("VC")/ Other Audio-Visual Means("OAVM"). 
ln terms of the requirements of Regulation 34(2)(f) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, we are enclosing herewith the Business Responsibility and 
Sustainability Report forming part of Annual Report. The Annual Report containing the Notice of Annual 
General Meeting is also uploaded on the Company's website at www.manoramagroup.co.in and the same 
shall also be made available on the website of MUFG lntime India Private Limited ("Formerly known as 
Link Inti me India Private Limited) ("MUFG") at https://instavote.linkintime.co.in 
We request you to take the above information on record. 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For Manora ma Industries Limited 
DeepakSharma 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
Membership No: A48707 
Encl: As above 
Corporate Office: 
F-6, Anupam Nagar,
Raipur-492007, Chhattisgarh, India
E-mail: info@manoramagroup.co.in
Tel.: +91-771-2283071, 2282457
Telefax: +91-771-4056958
CIN: L15142MH200SPLC243687
GSTIN: 22AAECM3726C1ZI 
Certifications: 
1SO 9001, ISO 14001 & ISO 45001, Certified Company 
Manufacturing & Supplying different products 
Certified for RSPO, Kosher, Halal (MUI), 
EcoVadis Committed badge certified & Sedex SMETA 4-Pillar Certified 
A Government or Indio Recognized Star Export House 
MSME ZED GOLD 
Registered Office: 
701,7th Floor, Bonanza Building, 
Sahar Plaza, Complex 
Andheri Kurla Road, Andheri 
·Mumbai-400059, Maharashtra, India 
Tel. 02249743611, 02267088148 
www.manoramagroup.co.in 
GSTJN-27 AAECM3726Cl ZR 

--- page 2 ---


--- page 3 ---
Across the pages
This Annual Report contains forward-looking statements 
based on currently available information and management’s 
expectations, estimates and projections. Such statements 
are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors that could 
cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed 
or implied. The Company undertakes no obligation to update 
any forward-looking statement. Certain data in this report has 
been obtained from external sources; the Company has not 
independently verified all such data. This report should be read 
in conjunction with the audited standalone and consolidated 
financial statements and notes thereto. Past performance is 
not an indicator of future results. 
Financial Statements  193-302
Standalone 
Independent Auditor’s Report 193
Balance Sheet 200
Statement of Profit and Loss 201
Statement of Cash Flow 202
Consolidated 
Independent Auditor’s Report 250
Balance Sheet 257
Statement of Profit and Loss 258
Statement of Cash Flow 259
Shareholders’ Information 
Notice of the 21st AGM 303-320
Click here to access investor-related information: 
https://manoramagroup.co.in/investors-overview 
Or, scan this QR code
Corporate Overview 02-59
About Manorama Industries Limited  02
Philosophy 03
Global reach 06
Certifications, Memberships and  
Accreditations 
08
Journey & Milestones 10
Letter from the Chairman and  
Managing Director 
12
A Portfolio Built on Science 16
The Science of Differentiation 18
From Seed to Solution 20
Innovation in Action   24
Operating Landscape   26
Scaling the Science   28
Strategic Priorities   32
Governance   36
Financial Highlights 42
Our People 44
Empowering Communities 48
Environmental Initiatives 52
Awards and Accolades 56
Statutory Reports 60-192
Management Discussion and Analysis 60
Director’s Report 86
Corporate Governance Report 105
Business Responsibility and  
Sustainability Report 
137

--- page 4 ---
Tree-Borne Seeds:  
Science and Innovative Solutions 
THEME INTRODUCTION
What if the answer to some of the world’s 
most complex formulation challenges 
was already hidden inside a seed? 
At Manorama Industries, that is where our story 
begins. Not merely in forests or factories, but within 
the molecular architecture of tree-borne seeds 
such as sal, mango, shea, kokum and other exotic 
seeds. For generations, these seeds were valued 
for what they yielded. Today, they are valued for 
what they contain — naturally occurring fatty acids 
and triglyceride structures that unlock a world of 
exciting and innovative application possibilities. 
This understanding lies at the heart of Manorama’s 
evolution. Through years of research, process 
innovation and application expertise, we have 
transformed nature’s raw potential into high-
performance specialty fats and butters trusted by 
leading food, confectionery and personal care brands 
across the globe. What begins as a forest-harvested 
seed ultimately becomes a precisely engineered 
solution designed to meet the requirement defined 
by the customer. 
Our model is founded on a simple but powerful 
principle: innovation starts with our deep 
understanding of nature. By combining sustainable 
sourcing with advanced fractionation technologies, 
analytical capabilities and collaborative product 
development, we create solutions that deliver 
consistency, functionality and value at scale. 
The result is an ecosystem where science creates 
opportunity at every stage. Forest communities gain 
access to sustainable livelihoods. Customers gain 
differentiated ingredients tailored to their needs. 
Industries gain reliable alternatives built on natural 
resources. And innovation transforms a traditional 
commodity into a specialised, value-added solution.
This is more than the story of tree-borne 
seeds. It is the story of how science 
unlocks their full potential — turning 
nature’s intelligence into innovative 
solutions for a changing world. 


--- page 5 ---
Inspired by Nature. Driven by 
Science 
ABOUT MANORAMA INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
Vision Mission 
Manorama Industries Limited (also referred to as 
‘Manorama Industries’, ‘Manorama’, ‘the Company’ 
or ‘We’), established in 2005 and headquartered 
at Raipur, Chhattisgarh, is a leading science-driven 
manufacturer of Cocoa Butter Equivalents (CBEs), 
specialty fats and butter, and exotic plant-based 
ingredients derived from tree-borne seeds. 
Since inception, the Company has been guided by 
a distinctive insight: that underutilised resources 
such as Sal seeds, Shea nuts, Mango kernels, 
Kokum seeds and other exotic seeds possess the 
molecular building blocks of premium specialty fats. 
Through scientific innovation, advanced processing 
and continuous research, Manorama has pioneered 
this potential to serve global food, confectionery, 
cosmetics, bakery and HoReCa industries. 
Today, Manorama operates an integrated value 
chain spanning ethical sourcing, processing, 
refining, fractionation, product development and 
global distribution, enabling quality, traceability, 
consistency and customisation across every stage of 
the journey. 
With ten global wholly owned subsidiaries across 
West Africa, the UAE and Brazil, recognition as a 
Three Star Export House by the Government of 
India, and a DSIR-certified Innovation & Research 
Centre, Manorama has evolved beyond a processor 
of exotic seeds with the footprint, capabilities and 
innovation expertise to serve some of the world’s 
most demanding  brands. 
• Acquire and maintain a leadership position in our 
chosen areas of business by continuously innovating 
products and adopting a unique co-development 
approach for various applications and categories 
through continuous R&D and collaborative approach 
• Become the most preferred and first-choice solution 
provider for tree-borne specialty fats and butters 
• Continuously provide versatile solutions to create 
new opportunities for growth 
• Enhance stakeholder and community well-being 
through value creation, empowerment, recognition 
and continuous development opportunities 
• Uplift the health, sanitation, and education of tribal 
people through our Corporate Social Responsibility 
initiatives  
• Deliver a fully integrated solution, spanning 
the ethical collection of Tree-Borne Oilseeds in 
partnership with tribal communities, through 
advanced processing of Cocoa Butter Equivalents 
and Specialty Fats and Butters, to their application 
into final products 
• Providing customer delight is 
our highest priority 
• Enhance the livelihood of 
tribal communities 
• Delivering on the promise to 
ensure on-time delivery of 
high-quality products at the 
best price 
• Adhere to socially and 
ecologically sustainable 
business models 
• Maintain our credibility, 
respect, integrity, and honour 
by consistently fulfilling our 
commitments 
2

--- page 6 ---
Growth for Development 
PHILOSOPHY 
The ‘Growth for Development’ philosophy combines 
sustainability with innovation by aligning natural 
resources, scientific advancement and responsible 
business practices. At Manorama Industries, we 
harness nature’s potential and modern technology 
to create solutions that meet evolving customer 
needs without compromising the ability of future 
generations to meet their own. 
Our approach is founded on the belief that small 
actions can create meaningful impact, and that 
sustainable growth is most powerful when it benefits 
communities, customers and the environment alike. 
Creating shared value through 
responsible sourcing, scientific 
innovation and inclusive growth. 
Environmental Justice, Positive Economic Development Fostering Cleaner 
Environment
Key Initiatives 
• Recycling, reuse, reprocess of water
• Installation of solar lighting systems across 
tribal communities 
• Promotion of organic and responsibly 
sourced wild-harvested raw materials 
• Skill development and livelihood 
enhancement programmes for women 
• Equal remuneration and inclusive workplace 
practices 
• ISO 14001:2015, ISO 45001:2018 
certification and fairtrade and fair for life 
certified 
• Recognition as a recipient of multiple 
awards for ESG, safety, health and 
community initiatives 
Manorama’s Commitment to 
Sustainability 
Sustainability is woven into our DNA. Through our 
unique model, we transform underutilised forest 
resources into high-value specialty products while 
supporting livelihoods, strengthening local economies 
and promoting responsible forest stewardship. 
We are proud signatories to the United Nations 
Global Compact (UNGC) and remain aligned with the 
UN Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) and India’s 
National Guidelines on Responsible Business Conduct 
(NGRBC).
Financial Statements Statutory Reports Corporate Overview
3
Manorama Industries Limited
Annual Report 2025-26

--- page 7 ---
4
The Philosophy in Action
Journey from Seeds to Specialty Products
Poorest to Richest 
Empowering sourcing 
communities through 
livelihood creation and long-
term partnerships.
Waste to Wealth 
Maximising value from every 
resource through efficient 
processing and by-product 
utilisation.
Forest to Fortune Brands 
Transforming forest-derived 
resources into premium 
solutions trusted by leading 
brands worldwide.
Global Applications 
Delivering high-performance 
ingredients to diverse 
industries worldwide.
Science and innovation drive every step.  Sustainability empowers every outcome.                                                         Together, we create value that lasts.
Raw Materials Shea
Expeller
Crude oil
Refinery Process
Byproducts / gums
Cake
Palm Mid Fraction (PMF)
Blending processCBE (Cocoa Butter
Equivalent)

--- page 8 ---
Financial Statements Statutory Reports Corporate Overview
5
Manorama Industries Limited
Annual Report 2025-26
Science and innovation drive every step.  Sustainability empowers every outcome.                                                         Together, we create value that lasts.
Raw Materials Sal/ Mango/ Shea & Other Exotic Seeds
Raw Materials Sal/Mango /Other
Solvent Extraction Process
De-oiled cake (cattle feed)Crude oil
Fractionation Process
Refined Butter
Stearin Olein


--- page 9 ---
indonesia
VIETNAM
BAHRAIN
SYRIA
SOUTH
AFRICA
Türkiye
SINGAPORE
Ghana
Togo
indonesia
VIETNAM
BAHRAIN
SYRIA
SOUTH
AFRICA
Türkiye
SINGAPORE
Disclaimer: This map is a generalised illustration only for the ease of the reader to understand the locations, and it is not intended to be used for reference
purposes. The representation of political boundaries and the names of geographical features/states do not necessarily reﬂect the actual position. The Company or
any of its Directors, ofﬁcers or employees cannot be held responsible for any misuse or misinterpretation of any information or design thereof. The Company does
not warrant or represent any kind of connection with its accuracy or completeness. 
GLOBAL REACH 
Taang Kaam Industries SA
Manorama Savannah Agro Chad SARL
6

--- page 10 ---
indonesia
VIETNAM
BAHRAIN
SYRIA
SOUTH
AFRICA
Türkiye
SINGAPORE
Ghana
Togo
indonesia
VIETNAM
BAHRAIN
SYRIA
SOUTH
AFRICA
Türkiye
SINGAPORE
Disclaimer: This map is a generalised illustration only for the ease of the reader to understand the locations, and it is not intended to be used for reference
purposes. The representation of political boundaries and the names of geographical features/states do not necessarily reﬂect the actual position. The Company or
any of its Directors, ofﬁcers or employees cannot be held responsible for any misuse or misinterpretation of any information or design thereof. The Company does
not warrant or represent any kind of connection with its accuracy or completeness. 
Financial Statements Statutory Reports Corporate Overview
7
Manorama Industries Limited
Annual Report 2025-26

--- page 11 ---
Regulatory and Global Quality 
Certifications 
CERTIFICATIONS, MEMBERSHIPS AND ACCREDITATIONS 
Business Recognition and Innovation
Sustainability, Ethical Trade, and Social Compliance
Food Safety and 
Standards Authority 
of India
Environmental 
Management System
United Nations 
Global Compact
Fair for Life  
Certification
Food Safety System 
Certification
Supplier Plus 
Certification
Quality Management 
System
Fair Trade 
Certification
EcoVadis Sustainability 
Rating
United States Food and 
Drug Administration 
Registration
Occupational 
Health and Safety 
Management System
Roundtable On Sustainable 
Palm Oil Supply Chain 
Certification
ZED Gold Certificate Department of Scientific and Industrial 
Research Recognition for In-house R&D
Ethical Trade Audit 
Framework
 
 
 
8

--- page 12 ---
From responsible sourcing and scientific research to 
global quality standards and ethical trade practices, 
our certifications reflect the strength of an integrated 
value chain built on trust, compliance and continuous 
improvement. 
Export and Trade Accreditations
Industry and Sectoral Memberships
3- STAR 
EXPORT HOUSE 
CERTIFICATION
National Programme 
for Organic 
Production
Compliance with Kosher 
Dietary Requirements
GLOBAL SHEA 
ALLIANCE MEMBER
Iopepc Member
FIEO Member
Organic Cosmetic 
Standard
PBFIA MEMBER 
SHEFXIL 
Member
IGBC 
MEMBER
Dun & Bradstreet
Organic Handling and 
Processing
Halal Certification
CII MEMBER
SEA Member
Financial Statements Statutory Reports Corporate Overview
9
Manorama Industries Limited
Annual Report 2025-26

--- page 13 ---
2005  
Incorporated. Adopted the ‘Waste to 
Wealth’ business model leveraging 
forest-based raw materials. 
2016 
Recognised as the highest processor 
and exporter of Sal seed and Mango 
kernel.
2017 
Signed MoU with Government of 
Chhattisgarh. Won CSR and Fair Trade award 
at Global Fats and Butter India.
2018 
Signed global contracts with chocolate and 
cosmetic companies. Listed on the BSE SME 
platform via IPO.
2022 
Listed on NSE Mainboard. 
Expanded customer base in 
global markets. 
2020 
Received DSIR certification for R&D. 
Commissioned state-of-the-art Birkoni 
plant with in-house R&D.
2021 
Migrated from BSE SME to BSE 
Mainboard.
A Journey Shaped by Science, 
Sustainability and Scale 
JOURNEY & MILESTONES 
From unlocking the potential of tree-borne seeds to delivering innovative specialty 
fats and butters to global markets, our journey has been defined by scientific 
advancement, sustainable growth and inclusive value creation. Over the years, we 
have built a platform that connects communities, innovation and global opportunity 
through a shared vision of progress. 
10

--- page 14 ---
2023 
Commissioned 30,000 MTPA refinery. Added 30,000 MTPA 
expeller and 15,000 MTPA interesterification capacity.
2024 
Commissioned new 25,000 MTPA solvent fractionation 
plant — total fractionation capacity raised from 
15,000 MTPA to 40,000 MTPA. Launched premium 
filling fats via Milcoa® R&D.
2025 
Strengthened global presence through 
subsidiaries (West Africa, UAE, Brazil). New 
value-added products launched.
2026 
Debottlenecked SF2 to 32,500 MTPA, 
increased overall fractionation capacity 
to 47,500 MTPA, expanded the 
contribution of value-added products.  
CARE credit rating upgraded to ‘CARE 
A+: Stable’ 
 
Financial Statements Statutory Reports Corporate Overview
11
Manorama Industries Limited
Annual Report 2025-26

--- page 15 ---
From the Chairman 
and Managing 
Director’s Desk 
LETTER FROM THE CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING DIRECTOR 
Our journey has always been 
defined by purpose, progress 
and people. From our roots in 
Chhattisgarh to our growing 
presence across global markets, 
we have emerged as a distinctive 
player in the specialty fats and 
butters industry — driven by 
science, anchored in sustainability, 
and deeply connected to the 
communities we engage with. 
When I addressed you this time last year, I 
set a target of over ₹1,050 crore in revenue 
for 2025-26. I am proud to report that 
we delivered on an ₹1,358 crore audited 
standalone financial basis — exceeding that 
guidance by approximately 29.33%. It is the 
compounding result of a business model 
built on science, supply chain integration 
and disciplined capital allocation. The 
numbers tell that story better than any 
narrative can. 
Dear Stakeholders, 
12

--- page 16 ---
A Global Economy in 
Transition 
We operate in a global economy 
marked by continued volatility. 
Geopolitical tensions, supply chain 
realignments, elevated freight costs 
and shifting trade dynamics continue 
to influence business sentiment 
across markets. The global economy 
grew at 3.4% in 2025, though the 
IMF projects growth to ease to 3.1% 
in 2026 before recovering marginally 
to 3.2% in CY2027 as supply chains 
normalise. 
India, however, continues to stand 
out as one of the world’s fastest-
growing major economies. Real 
GDP growth of 7.6% in 2025-26 
reflects the strength of domestic 
consumption, infrastructure 
investment, digital adoption and 
supportive policy frameworks. 
Against this backdrop, the specialty 
fats and butters industry continues 
to benefit from structural tailwinds 
that extend beyond economic cycles. 
Growing acceptance of Cocoa Butter 
Equivalents (CBEs), rising demand for 
plant-based ingredients, increasing 
focus on traceable sourcing and the 
shift towards premium formulations 
are collectively reshaping the global 
ingredients landscape. 
Growing Industrial 
Opportunity 
Specialty Fats and Butters 
The global specialty fats and butter 
market continues to evolve from 
a commodity-driven segment into 
an innovation-driven, value-added 
industry. Demand for clean-label 
products, sustainable sourcing and 
enhanced functionality is driving 
growth across food, confectionery 
and personal care applications. The 
global specialty fats and oils market 
stands at USD 18.17 billion in 2026 
and is projected to reach USD 32.5 
billion by 2034 at a CAGR of 7.6%. 
The broader end-markets we 
serve also remain highly attractive. 
Growth in chocolate, confectionery, 
bakery, cosmetics and personal 
care categories continues to create 
sustained demand for specialty 
fats and butter with differentiated 
performance characteristics. 
The Expanding CBE Opportunity 
Within specialty fats and butter, Cocoa 
Butter Equivalents represent one of 
the most attractive and strategically 
important growth segments. The 
global CBE market is valued at 
USD 1,888.65 million in 2026 and 
is projected to reach USD 2,124.48 
million by 2035. As manufacturers 
seek greater flexibility, consistency 
and sustainability in formulations, 
demand for high-performance cocoa 
butter alternatives continues to 
strengthen. 
Our own performance reflects this 
structural shift. CBE contribution 
to revenue has increased from 
approximately 10% two years ago to 
nearly 30% in 2025-26. This growth 
is not cyclical. It is the outcome of 
focused investments in science, 
innovation and customer-centric 
product development. 
Operational Highlights 
2025-26 was a year of meaningful 
operational advancement. 
We debottlenecked Solvent 
Fractionation Plant 2 (SF2) — 
increasing its capacity by 30% from 
25,000 MTPA to 32,500 MTPA.  
Our total fractionation capacity at 
year-end stands at 47,500 MTPA 
. Existing capacity was running at 
approximately 85% utilisation on the 
pre-debottleneck base, confirming 
robust demand and the need for the 
larger programme now underway. 
Creating shared value through 
responsible sourcing, scientific 
innovation and inclusive growth. 
Source https://www.globalmarketstatistics.com/market-reports/cocoa-butter-equivalent-market-11385
Financial Statements Statutory Reports Corporate Overview
13
Manorama Industries Limited
Annual Report 2025-26

--- page 17 ---
Our working capital cycle improved 
sharply from 151 days in 2024-25 to 
125 days in 2025-26, and net cash 
flow from operations reached ₹259.4 
crore. The ratio of Net Debt to Equity 
improved from 0.83x to 0.38x — a 
balance sheet strengthened at the 
same time as we are investing for the 
future. 
Financial Performance 
2025-26 was our strongest financial 
year on record — and it substantially 
exceeded the guidance we set 
ourselves twelve months ago. 
Revenue from Operations reached 
₹1,358 crore, a 76.1% increase 
year-on-year. EBITDA grew 92.5% 
to ₹367.7 crore, with margins 
expanding 230 basis points to 27.1% 
— a margin profile that management 
considers sustainable in the 25–27% 
band. Profit After Tax more than 
doubled to ₹233.2 crore, with a PAT 
margin of 17.2%. 
Return on Equity improved sharply to 
40.3%, while ROCE improved sharply 
from 19.81% to 33.6% is evidence 
to that we are deploying capital at 
consistently high returns even as the 
capital base grows. The Board has 
recommended a final dividend of 
₹0.80 per equity share (40% of face 
value of ₹2 per share) for 2025-26. 
Perhaps our most meaningful 
milestone of the year: our annual 
Cash Profit — PAT plus Depreciation 
— of ₹258.77 crore exceeded 
our Gross Block of ₹250.85 crore 
(covering land , factory shed and 
building , plant and equipment) 
for the first time. This is the kind 
of capital efficiency that a niche, 
integrated business model produces. 
It also means that the machinery and 
buildings that generated this year’s 
earnings were, in a sense, already 
paid for by the cash our operations 
generated.  
Over five years — FY22 to FY26 — we 
have delivered revenue CAGR of 48.5%, 
EBITDA CAGR of 75.3%, and PAT CAGR 
of 76.2%. I am confident these are not 
peaks. They are platforms. 
Tapping the Growing 
Opportunity Through Our 
Capex Plan 
Scale alone has never been our 
differentiator. But scale built 
on the right science, in the right 
markets, with the right integration 
— that is. Our ~₹460 crore phased 
capex programme, targeted for 
commissioning by 2027-28, is 
designed to do exactly that. 
Forward Integration — India 
• A new Cocoa Butter Alternative 
(CBA) manufacturing facility — 
75,000 MTPA capacity 
• A new Solvent Fractionation 
facility (SF3) — 75,000 MTPA 
• A new Refinery — 90,000 MTPA 
Backward Integration — Burkina 
Faso 
• A new Shea nut and Mango 
kernel processing facility — 
90,000 MTPA 
• Underpinned by our MoU with 
the Government of Burkina Faso 
Management targets an asset 
turnover of more than 6x on the 
forward-integration project. As of 
May 2026, ₹52 crore had already 
been deployed, funded entirely from 
internal accruals, supported by free 
cash fixed deposits of approximately 
₹130 crore. A QIP enabling resolution 
of up to ₹500 crore was approved. 
The Company has since raised ₹500 
crore through the QIP and allotted 
additional shares pursuant to its 
Board meeting dated July 2, 2026.
Advancing Product 
Innovation 
Innovation is not a support function 
at Manorama. It is a core business 
driver. Our DSIR-certified Milcoa® 
Innovation & Research Centre 
— helmed by Dr. Krishnadath 
Bhaggan, our Deputy CEO of 
Business Development and VP R&D 
— delivered new products and new 
developments in 2025-26, bringing 
our branded Milcoa® range to a 
comprehensive suite of application-
specific solutions across chocolate, 
confectionery, bakery, cosmetics, 
and personal care. 
The R&D model that sets us apart 
is not just the capability — it is the 
approach. We co-develop solutions 
alongside our clients’ own R&D 
teams, creating formulations that are 
genuinely bespoke and relationships 
that are genuinely sticky. That is why 
our CBE contribution to revenue has 
nearly tripled in two years, and why 
our EBITDA margin has expanded 
even as revenue has doubled. 
People. Planet. Progress. 
We are grateful to the millions of 
tribal women and forest dwellers 
across India and West Africa whose 
hands gather the seeds that our 
science transforms. All payments are 
made directly to bank accounts — 
ensuring transparency, dignity, and 
financial inclusion. 
14

--- page 18 ---
Our environmental commitments 
are operational, not aspirational. We 
recycle and reuse water discharge. 
We expanded solar infrastructure 
across villages. Product carbon 
footprint calculated for our Sal CBE 
and Shea CBE. The company runs the 
“VANSAKHI programme” for training 
seed collectors to cascade forest and 
wildlife conservation knowledge to 
their communities. Our NDPE policy 
— No Deforestation, No Peat, No 
Exploitation — is applied across the 
full supply chain 
As of March 31, 2026, we employed 
523 permanent employees. Our 
people practices are anchored in fair 
representation, equal remuneration, 
and an ISO 45001:2018-certified 
organisation
Way Forward 
Looking ahead, 2026-27 is expected 
to be another year of strong progress, 
supported by higher utilisation of our 
expanded capacity base, continued 
improvement in product mix and 
sustained demand for value-added 
specialty fats and Cocoa Butter 
Equivalents. 
The company’s year on year growth 
reflects our conviction in the 
enduring relevance of tree-borne 
seeds and our ability to unlock 
their value through science and 
innovation.
As we execute our next phase of 
capacity expansion across India and 
West Africa, we are building more 
than manufacturing infrastructure. 
We are strengthening an integrated 
science platform that connects 
responsible sourcing, advanced 
processing, product innovation and 
global customer partnerships. 
The opportunities ahead are 
significant. We remain committed 
to creating long-term value for all 
stakeholders while advancing our 
vision of innovative solutions for 
global industries. 
Vote of Thanks 
I express my heartfelt gratitude to all 
our stakeholders — our customers, 
our investors, our lenders, our 
suppliers, our employees, and above 
all, the tribal families and forest 
communities across India and West 
Africa whose trust and partnership 
make everything we do possible. 
Our journey is a testament to what 
becomes possible when business 
and purpose align. The next chapter 
is being written in our laboratories, 
our forests, and the markets of the 
world. Together, we will make it our 
finest yet. 
Warm regards,  
Ashish Saraf   
Chairman and Managing Director  
Manorama Industries Limited 
Creating shared value through 
responsible sourcing, scientific 
innovation and inclusive growth. 
Financial Statements Statutory Reports Corporate Overview
Manorama Industries Limited
Annual Report 2025-26
15

--- page 19 ---
Nature’s Building Blocks.  
Global Solutions. 
A PORTFOLIO BUILT ON SCIENCE 
From Sal, Shea, Mango and other exotic seeds emerges a diverse portfolio of specialty fats and butter serving 
global food, confectionery, bakery, cosmetics and personal care industries. By combining deep raw-material 
expertise with advanced processing capabilities, Manorama transforms the inherent potential of tree-borne 
seeds into solutions that deliver functionality, consistency and performance at scale. 
Our portfolio spans Cocoa Butter Equivalents (CBEs), specialty fats, specialty butters and circular-value products, 
enabling customers to create differentiated products while meeting growing expectations around sustainability, 
traceability and quality. 
Cocoa Butter Equivalents (CBEs) 
Cocoa Butter Equivalents (CBEs) are specially formulated to MIMIC the fatty acid composition, melting profile 
and triglyceride structure of cocoa butter. Through selective fractionation of exotic seed butters, fractions rich 
in stearic-oleic-stearic (SOS) and palmitic-oleic-stearic (POS) triacylglycerols are obtained and blended without 
hydrogenation, ensuring trans-fat-free formulations that are compatible with cocoa butter in all applications and 
proportions. 
Our CBEs deliver the physical and chemical characteristics required by chocolate and confectionery manufacturers, 
enabling consistent product performance while supporting greater supply flexibility. 
The Building Blocks of Our Portfolio 
Key Building Blocks 
Sal Stearin • Shea Stearin • Mango Stearin 
Sal Butter  
Extracted from Sal seeds, Sal Butter is rich in 
stearic and oleic acids and is widely used in 
creams, lotions and CBE formulations owing to its 
moisturising and emollient properties.  
Sal Stearin 
Sal Stearin, obtained through solvent 
fractionation of Sal Butter, serves as a key 
ingredient in stable formulations requiring a solid 
fat base and is widely used in confectionery and 
cosmetic applications.  
Applications 
Chocolate • Compound Coatings • Confectionery 
• Bakery Fillings 
16

--- page 20 ---
Circular Value Solutions 
De-Oiled Cake (DoC) 
A by-product generated during the extraction 
process, De-Oiled Cake is repurposed as a key 
ingredient for cattle feed applications, supporting 
agricultural productivity while reinforcing our 
Waste to Wealth philosophy. 
Applications Across Industries 
Food-Grade Specialty Fats and Butters  
Chocolate and Confectionery 
Bakery and Dairy 
HoReCa (Hotel, Restaurant, Café) 
Animal Nutrition 
Cosmetic-Grade Personal Care 
Ingredients 
Skincare and Personal Care 
Shea Butter   
Extracted from shea nuts, Shea Butter contains 
100% fat and is abundant in stearic and oleic 
acids. It is widely used in lotions, creams and 
CBE formulations and offers excellent skin-
conditioning benefits.
Mango Butter    
Derived from mango kernels, Mango Butter 
contains a unique blend of fatty acids and 
unsaponifiable substances. It is widely used 
in cosmetic formulations and helps promote 
smooth and supple skin. 
Kokum Butter  
Extracted from kokum seeds, Kokum Butter 
is rich in fatty acids and Vitamin E. It is widely 
used in cosmetics as well as skin and hair care 
applications. 
Shea Stearin  
Shea Stearin, the solid fraction derived from Shea 
Butter, is valued for its stability and versatility 
across food and personal care applications.  
Mango Stearin   
Mango Stearin, produced through solvent or dry 
fractionation of Mango Butter, is compositionally 
similar to Sal Stearin and is used in applications 
requiring stable and functional solid fats. 
Mowrah Butter 
Sourced from the Mowrah fruit seed, Mowrah 
Butter is used in cooking, lighting and skin 
care applications. It possesses softening and 
nourishing qualities and serves as a natural base 
for cosmetic products. 
Financial Statements Statutory Reports Corporate Overview
17
Manorama Industries Limited
Annual Report 2025-26

--- page 21 ---
Tree-Borne EXOTIC Seeds  
Deep Expertise in Tree-Borne Seeds 
For nearly two decades, Manorama has specialised in understanding the unique characteristics of Sal, 
Shea, Mango, Kokum, Mowrah seeds and other exotic seeds. This deep raw material knowledge forms 
the foundation for developing customised specialty fats, butters and cocoa butter equivalents across 
diverse applications. 
Product Launches & Developments in FY26 
Deep Science-Led Innovation 
Working alongside customers and their technical teams, we develop application-specific solutions tailored to 
precise functional, sensory and performance requirements. 
This collaborative approach accelerates innovation, strengthens customer relationships and supports the 
development of differentiated, value-added products. 
• 5 New Products • 6 New Developments • DSIR-Certified R&D Centre 
47,500 MTPA Fractionation Capacity  
Integrated Manufacturing Platform 
From seed collection and sourcing to extraction, refining, fractionation, formulation, blending and 
packaging, Manorama maintains control across the value chain. This integrated model strengthens 
traceability, quality assurance and operational reliability while enabling efficient scale-up of value-
added products. 
• 90,000 MTPA Seed Milling • 90,000 MTPA Solvent Extraction • 45,000 MTPA 
Refining • 47,500 MTPA Fractionation  • 30,000 MTPA Blending and Packaging
What Makes Manorama Different 
THE SCIENCE OF DIFFERENTIATION 
In the specialty fats and butters industry, access to raw materials alone does not create a competitive advantage. 
The ability to understand, process and transform those materials into consistent, application-specific solutions is 
what creates lasting value. 
Over the years, Manorama has built an integrated science platform that combines deep tree-borne seed 
expertise, advanced manufacturing capabilities, scientific innovation, responsible sourcing and global market 
access. Together, these capabilities create a connected ecosystem. 
The Manorama Science Platform
18

--- page 22 ---
10 Global Subsidiaries 
Global Reach, Local Understanding 
Supported by a growing international presence across India, West Africa, the UAE and Brazil, Manorama 
combines global market access with deep local sourcing expertise. This enables the Company to remain close 
to raw material origins while serving customers across international markets. 
• Operations and Presence Across India • West Africa • UAE • Brazil 
Value-Added Product Transformation 
The success of our science-led approach is reflected in the growing contribution of value-added products to 
our business. This evolution reflects our continued transition towards specialised, innovation-driven product 
categories with higher value addition and stronger customer relevance. The future of specialty fats and butters 
will increasingly be shaped by innovation, customisation, sustainability and supply chain resilience. Manorama’s 
integrated science platform positions the Company at the intersection of these trends, enabling us to deliver 
solutions that are technically differentiated, commercially relevant and responsibly sourced. 
Financial Statements Statutory Reports Corporate Overview
19
Manorama Industries Limited
Annual Report 2025-26

--- page 23 ---
The Integrated Science of 
Value Creation 
FROM SEED TO SOLUTION 
Every Manorama product begins with a seed and progresses through a carefully integrated value chain that 
combines responsible sourcing, advanced processing and scientific innovation. Our integrated model provides 
visibility and control across every critical stage of the journey — from sourcing and extraction to refining, 
fractionation, formulation and delivery. This enables us to ensure traceability, consistency and quality while 
unlocking the full value of tree-borne seeds through science. By connecting forests, communities, manufacturing 
operations, research laboratories and customers into a single ecosystem, Manorama creates value at every stage 
of the journey. 
Ethical Sourcing & Collection  
Tree-borne seeds including Sal, Shea, Mango, and 
other exotic seeds are responsibly sourced from 
forest ecosystems across India and the shea-
growing regions of West Africa, creating livelihood 
opportunities while ensuring access to high-
quality raw materials. 
 Refining  
Advanced refining processes remove impurities 
and standardise quality parameters, creating 
a consistent foundation for value-added 
applications. 
Formulation & Product 
Development  
Scientific expertise, application research 
and customer collaboration enable the 
development of specialised solutions tailored 
to precise functional, sensory and performance 
requirements. 
Processing & Extraction  
Seeds are cleaned, milled and processed to 
extract oils and butters while preserving their 
natural characteristics and maximising value 
recovery. 
Fractionation Science
Through specialised solvent fractionation, 
fats and butters are separated into fractions 
possessing distinct functional and performance 
characteristics. This is where the molecular 
potential of tree-borne seeds is transformed into 
commercial value. 
Global Applications  
The final products serve a diverse range of 
industries including chocolate, confectionery, 
frozen desserts, cosmetics and personal care, 
helping customers create premium products with 
consistent performance and functionality. 
1
4
5
2
3
6
The Journey from Nature to Innovation 
20

--- page 24 ---
Governance Behind the Value Chain 
As Manorama expands its global sourcing network, responsible sourcing remains supported by 
robust governance, due diligence and traceability systems. Our framework is designed to strengthen 
transparency, manage supply chain risks and uphold internationally recognised environmental and social 
standards across sourcing regions. 
During the year, the Company continued implementing its No Deforestation, No Peat and No Exploitation 
(NDPE) commitments while reinforcing supplier engagement, monitoring and traceability practices. 
Human Rights Due Diligence 
Our sourcing framework incorporates proactive mechanisms to identify, assess and mitigate potential 
environmental and social risks across the value chain. 
Stakeholder Engagement 
Regular engagement with suppliers, local communities and partner organisations helps strengthen 
transparency and responsiveness across sourcing regions. 
Technology-Enabled Oversight 
Digital systems enhance audit management, supplier monitoring and supply chain visibility. 
Supplier Assessments 
Supplier onboarding, screening and periodic evaluations support compliance with ethical labour, 
workplace safety and responsible business practices. 
Training & Capacity Building 
Awareness and capability-building initiatives support the adoption of responsible sourcing practices 
throughout the supply chain. 
Responsible Sourcing Framework 
Financial Statements Statutory Reports Corporate Overview
21
Manorama Industries Limited
Annual Report 2025-26

--- page 25 ---
Manorama has established a comprehensive 
traceability system aligned with ISO 22000:2018, 
enabling seamless tracking from raw material 
procurement to finished products. Every 
consignment is weighed, documented, assigned 
a unique Raw Material Lot Number and linked to 
a Goods Receipt Note for batch-level traceability. 
Following Quality Control approval, materials are 
stored, identified and released for production 
under defined protocols. 
The framework ensures: 
• End-to-end visibility across the value chain 
• Batch segregation and integrity throughout 
the processing cycle 
• Recall preparedness for timely and effective 
product withdrawal, when required 
• Compliance with applicable regulatory, 
quality and sustainability standards 
Traceability Across the Value Chain 
Manorama’s quality framework integrates 
defined controls, documented processes and 
compliance requirements across the value chain. 
Materials are subject to quality control and 
approval before being released for production, 
supporting consistency, product integrity and 
responsible operations.
The framework ensures: 
• Quality-Assured Material Intake
• Consistent Process Controls
• Regulatory & Sustainability Compliance
• End-to-End Product Integrity 
Quality & Compliance Assurance
Strong governance, transparent sourcing practices and independent validation help reinforce the 
integrity of Manorama’s supply chain and support the long-term sustainability of our business model. 
Our sourcing practices are supported through 
recognised assessments and certifications that 
reinforce transparency, accountability and 
continuous improvement. 
FY26 Highlights 
• Fair for Life certified 
• Continued alignment with NDPE 
commitments 
• Ongoing participation in third-party 
assessment programmes 
• Strengthened governance and oversight 
across sourcing operations 
Independent Validation 
Building Confidence Across the Value Chain 
22

--- page 26 ---
Financial Statements Statutory Reports Corporate Overview
23
Manorama Industries Limited
Annual Report 2025-26

--- page 27 ---
Transforming Nature’s Potential 
into Market Solutions
INNOVATION IN ACTION 
The Milcoa® Innovation Model 
At Manorama, innovation is not confined to the 
laboratory. It is embedded across the value chain—
from understanding the molecular characteristics 
of tree-borne seeds to developing customised 
solutions for some of the world’s most demanding 
food, confectionery, cosmetics and personal care 
applications. 
At the centre of this innovation ecosystem is the 
DSIR-certified Milcoa® Innovation & Research 
Centre at Birkoni, where scientific expertise, process 
engineering and customer collaboration come 
together to create next-generation specialty fat 
solutions. 
Our approach extends beyond product development. 
By working closely with customers and their 
technical teams, we co-develop application-specific 
formulations tailored to precise functional, sensory 
and performance requirements. This collaborative 
model enables faster commercialisation, stronger 
customer relationships and continuous innovation 
across our portfolio. 
Customer Requirement 
Scientific Evaluation 
Validation & 
Optimisation 
Commercialisation
Formulation & 
Development
Application 
Testing
24

--- page 28 ---
Innovation Highlights FY2025–26 
Innovation Driving Growth
Innovation continued to strengthen our transition towards higher-value products and 
application-specific solutions. 
The growing contribution of value-added products reflects the success of this innovation-led strategy. 
These outcomes demonstrate how scientific innovation continues to enhance product differentiation, 
strengthen profitability and expand market opportunities. 
In 2025-26: 
~30% 
Revenue contribution from Cocoa Butter 
Equivalents 
70–75% 
Sales contribution from value-added products 
including CBE and Stearin 
Milcocream™ 1059 
All-round filling fat solution 
 
Milcocream™ 1068 
Bake-stable filling fat  
Milcocream™ MF69 
Milk fat replacer  
Milcodip MP35 
Multipurpose specialty fat for frozen 
dessert 
 
Milcodip MP65 
Dipping and coating fat solution 
Milcocream™ FF77 
Palm-free fat development 
 
Milcocream™ TF76 
Trans-free fat development  
Milcospread™ TU52 
Spreadable fat for food applications  
Milcocream™ BS65 
Bakery-focused specialty fat 
 
Milcoat™ 58NH 
Coating fat for confectionery applications 
Milcocream™ P56  
All round filling fat
During the year, the Milcoa® Innovation & Research Centre delivered: 
11 New Products and Developments 
5 New Products 
6 New Developments 
across the Milcocream™, Milcoat™, Milcolin™, Milcodip™ and Milcospread™ product platforms.
New Products Introduced 
During FY26
New Developments During 
FY26
Financial Statements Statutory Reports Corporate Overview
25
Manorama Industries Limited
Annual Report 2025-26

--- page 29 ---
Why Tree-Borne Seeds Matter 
More Than Ever
OPERATING LANDSCAPE
Positioned at the Intersection of Nature and Science 
Global food and personal care industries are 
undergoing a period of significant transformation. 
Consumers increasingly seek products that are 
natural, responsibly sourced and high-performing, 
while manufacturers face growing pressure to 
navigate supply volatility, rising raw material costs 
and evolving sustainability expectations. These shifts 
are accelerating demand for innovative ingredients 
that can deliver functionality, consistency and 
traceability at scale. 
Tree-borne oilseeds such as Sal, Shea, Mango, Kokum 
and Mowrah are uniquely positioned to address these 
emerging requirements. Their naturally occurring 
fatty acid and triglyceride profiles provide the 
scientific foundation for specialty fats, butters and 
cocoa butter alternatives that serve a broad range of 
food, confectionery, bakery, cosmetics and personal 
care applications.
The convergence of sustainability, 
science and evolving consumer 
demand is creating new opportunities 
for specialty fats and butters. 
TREE-BORNE
SEEDS 
MOLECULAR 
UNDERSTANDING 
FRACTIONATION 
SCIENCE
GLOBAL 
APPLICATIONS
CUSTOMISED 
SOLUTIONS
26

--- page 30 ---
Global Opportunity at a Glance 
The Forces Shaping Our Opportunity 
Cocoa Butter 
Equivalents Market 
→ USD 2.12 Billion  
by 2035 
Growing demand 
for sustainable and 
cost-effective cocoa 
butter alternatives 
is accelerating 
adoption across 
global confectionery 
applications.
Specialty Fats & Oils 
Market 
→ USD 32.5 Billion  
by 2034 
Rising demand for 
customised, high-
performance and 
plant-based fat 
solutions continues to 
expand opportunities 
across food and 
industrial applications.
Global Chocolate 
Industry 
→ USD 184.7 Billion 
by 2033 
The continued 
expansion of premium 
and value-added 
chocolate categories 
is driving demand 
for specialty fats 
and Cocoa Butter 
Equivalents. 
Global Cosmetics 
Industry 
→ USD 556.21 Billion 
by 2032 
Growing consumer 
preference for 
natural, plant-
derived ingredients is 
supporting increased 
adoption of specialty 
butters and lipids.
USD 1.89 Billion USD 18.17 Billion USD 131.7 Billion USD 354.68 Billion
Cocoa Market Dynamics 
Demand for Customisation
Sustainability Expectations
Premiumisation Across Industries 
Climate-related disruptions and supply 
constraints are reshaping global cocoa 
markets, increasing the need for reliable 
and high-performance alternatives. 
 
Manorama Response 
Cocoa Butter Equivalents (CBEs) 
developed from tree-borne oils provide 
functionality comparable to cocoa 
butter while enhancing supply flexibility. 
Manufacturers require ingredients 
with precise melting profiles, texture, 
stability and performance characteristics 
tailored to specific applications. 
 
Manorama Response 
Advanced refining, fractionation 
and formulation capabilities enable 
customised specialty fat solutions for 
diverse customer requirements. 
Global brands increasingly prioritise 
traceable, ethically sourced and 
environmentally responsible ingredients 
across their supply chains. 
 
Manorama Response 
Responsibly sourced tree-borne seeds 
support forest-based livelihoods while 
enabling sustainable value creation 
across the value chain. 
Consumers continue to gravitate toward 
premium food, confectionery and 
personal care products, driving demand 
for specialised ingredients. 
 
Manorama Response 
Value-added specialty fats and butters 
help customers create differentiated 
products across multiple end-use 
markets. 
https://www.fortunebusinessinsights.com/industry-reports/specialty-fats-oils-market-101481 
https://www.grandviewresearch.com/industry-analysis/chocolate-market 
https://www.globalmarketstatistics.com/market-reports/cocoa-butter-equivalent-market-11385
Financial Statements Statutory Reports Corporate Overview
27
Manorama Industries Limited
Annual Report 2025-26

--- page 31 ---
Particulars in Tons Per Annum FY22 FY23
Particulars FY22 FY23
Seed Milling (Expeller) 60,000 60,000
- 90,000
15,000 15,000
15,000 15,000
15,000 15,000
279 351
56 76
5.0x 4.6x
Solvent Extraction Plant
Fractionation
Packaging
Fractionation (TPA)
Revenues (in INR Crores)
Average Fixed Assets 
(in INR Crore)
Average Asset Turnover (in Times)
Re/f_inery
FY24 FY25 FY26 Capacity Addition
FY24 FY25 FY26 CAGR
90,000 90,000 90,000
90,000 90,000 90,000
45,000 45,000 45,000
15,000 40,000 47,500
15,000 15,000 15,000 15,000 30,000
15,000 40,000 47,500
457 771 1,358
113 152 184
4.0x 5.1x 7.4x
Added 30,000 TPA in FY24
Added 90,000 TPA in FY23
Added 30,000 TPA in FY24
Added 7,500 TPA in FY26
Added 15,000 TPA in FY26
33.4%
48.5%
34.5%
Building the Platform for 
Tomorrow’s Demand
SCALING THE SCIENCE
Strengthening the Platform
28

--- page 32 ---
Particulars in Tons Per Annum FY22 FY23
Particulars FY22 FY23
Seed Milling (Expeller) 60,000 60,000
- 90,000
15,000 15,000
15,000 15,000
15,000 15,000
279 351
56 76
5.0x 4.6x
Solvent Extraction Plant
Fractionation
Packaging
Fractionation (TPA)
Revenues (in INR Crores)
Average Fixed Assets 
(in INR Crore)
Average Asset Turnover (in Times)
Re/f_inery
FY24 FY25 FY26 Capacity Addition
FY24 FY25 FY26 CAGR
90,000 90,000 90,000
90,000 90,000 90,000
45,000 45,000 45,000
15,000 40,000 47,500
15,000 15,000 15,000 15,000 30,000
15,000 40,000 47,500
457 771 1,358
113 152 184
4.0x 5.1x 7.4x
Added 30,000 TPA in FY24
Added 90,000 TPA in FY23
Added 30,000 TPA in FY24
Added 7,500 TPA in FY26
Added 15,000 TPA in FY26
33.4%
48.5%
34.5%
As customer demand evolves towards higher-value specialty fats, cocoa butter equivalents and customised formulations, 
Manorama continues to strengthen the manufacturing platform that powers its growth. 
Our expansion strategy is not simply about adding capacity. It is about building a larger, more integrated science 
platform capable of supporting innovation, customisation and global scale. 
During FY26, we strengthened our operating platform through capacity enhancement, international expansion and 
strategic investments designed to support the next phase of growth. 
Financial Statements Statutory Reports Corporate Overview
29
Manorama Industries Limited
Annual Report 2025-26

--- page 33 ---
Solvent Fractionation Plant 2 (SF2) 
A significant operational milestone was achieved 
through the debottlenecking of Solvent Fractionation 
Plant 2 (SF2), increasing capacity by 30% from 25,000 
MTPA to 32,500 MTPA. 
This enhancement increased the overall total 
fractionation capacity to 47,500 MTPA and created 
additional flexibility to support growing demand for 
value-added specialty fat solutions.
~₹460 Crore Strategic Expansion Programme 
Designed to strengthen both forward integration 
and backward integration capabilities. 
India 
75,000 MTPA 
New Solvent Fractionation Facility (SF3) 
 
90,000 MTPA 
New Refinery 
 
75,000 MTPA 
New Cocoa Butter Alternative (CBA) Facility 
 
Burkina Faso 
approx 90,000 MTPA 
New Shea & Mango Processing Facility Supported  
by the MoU signed with the Government of  
Burkina Faso.
Burkina Faso 
The operationalisation of Taang Kaam Industries SA, our wholly owned subsidiary, strengthened our presence 
in one of the world’s most important shea-producing regions and advanced our long-term backward 
integration strategy. 
Brazil 
The successful completion of the first commercial production batch through Manorama Latin America LTDA 
/ Dekel established an important platform for future growth across Latin America. 
30% Capacity Increase 
25,000 → 32,500 MTPA 
47,500 MTPA Total Fractionation 
Capacity
Unlocking More from Existing Assets 
The Next Growth Platform 
Expanding Beyond Borders
SCALING THE SCIENCE
30

--- page 34 ---
Building Capacity . Creating Capability . 
Every investment is designed to strengthen Manorama’s 
ability to transform tree-borne seeds into innovative 
specialty fat solutions. 
By combining manufacturing scale, scientific expertise 
and global sourcing capabilities, we are creating a 
platform that can support expanding customer demand 
while maintaining the quality, consistency and flexibility 
that define our business. 
Forward 
Integration 
Specialty fats, CBEs 
and value-added 
formulations. 
Global Expansion 
Building a stronger 
international sourcing 
and manufacturing 
network. 
Backward 
Integration 
Securing access to 
critical raw materials 
at origin. 
Science-Led 
Growth 
Creating the foundation 
for the next phase of 
value creation.
FY28 Growth 
Platform 
Financial Statements Statutory Reports Corporate Overview
31
Manorama Industries Limited
Annual Report 2025-26

--- page 35 ---
Growth Powered by Science
STRATEGIC PRIORITIES 
The specialty fats and butters industry continues to 
evolve, driven by increasing demand for sustainable 
ingredients, specialised applications and resilient 
supply chains. Addressing this opportunity, our growth 
strategy is centred on expanding manufacturing 
capabilities, accelerating innovation, enhancing 
operational performance and strengthening our 
global presence—creating a scalable platform for 
sustainable long-term growth.
Enhanced Production for a 
Growing Specialty Fats and 
Butters Market 
Investments in R&D for 
New and Innovative 
Products
Optimised Operational 
Performance
Geographical Market 
Penetration in Emerging 
Economies
32

--- page 36 ---
Explanation 
To support growing demand for specialty fats and butters, we continued strengthening our manufacturing 
platform during FY26. The debottlenecking of Solvent Fractionation Plant 2 (SF2) enhanced capacity and 
flexibility, while new expansion projects are laying the foundation for the next phase of growth. 
 
Outcomes 
• Total fractionation capacity increased to 47,500 MTPA 
• SF2 capacity enhanced by 30% (25,000 MTPA to 32,500 MTPA) 
• Existing capacity operated at strong utilisation levels 
• Strategic capex programme of approximately ₹460 crore initiated 
• New SF3, Refinery and Cocoa Butter Alternative facilities under development
Explanation 
Innovation remains central to our growth strategy. Through the DSIR-certified Milcoa® Innovation & Research 
Centre and close customer collaboration, we continue developing application-specific solutions that address 
evolving market requirements.  
 
Outcomes 
• 11 product launches and developments completed during FY26 
• 5 new products launched 
• 6 new developments completed 
• Expanded Milcocream™, Milcoat™, Milcolin™, Milcodip™ and Milcospread™ platforms 
• CBE contribution increased to approximately 30% of revenue 
• Value-added products represented 70–75% of total sales 
Explanation 
Our integrated manufacturing model and focus on operational discipline continue to enhance efficiency, 
profitability and capital productivity. Improvements in product mix and working capital management further 
strengthened financial performance during the year. 
 
Outcomes 
• EBITDA margin expanded to 27.1% 
• Working capital cycle improved from 151 days to 125 days 
• Net Debt-to-Equity improved from 0.83x to 0.38x 
• Net cash flow from operations reached ₹259.4 crore 
• Annual Cash Profit exceeded Gross Block for the first time 
Explanation 
We continued strengthening our international platform through strategic investments across sourcing and 
customer markets. Expansion in Burkina Faso and operational progress in Brazil further enhanced our global 
reach and sourcing resilience. 
 
Outcomes 
• Presence strengthened across India, West Africa, UAE and Brazil 
• 10 subsidiaries operational globally 
• Taang Kaam Industries SA operationalised in Burkina Faso 
• First commercial production batch successfully achieved in Brazil 
• Enhanced proximity to both raw material origins and customer markets 
• Export-led business model continues to support global growth 
Financial Statements Statutory Reports Corporate Overview
33
Manorama Industries Limited
Annual Report 2025-26

--- page 37 ---
Strategy in Action 
Building the Next Phase of Growth
Our strategic priorities are designed to reinforce 
one another. Expanded manufacturing capabilities 
support innovation. Innovation increases the 
contribution of value-added products. Operational 
excellence strengthens competitiveness. Global 
expansion enhances both sourcing resilience and 
market access. 
Together, these priorities are creating a larger and 
more integrated science platform—positioning 
Manorama to capture emerging opportunities 
across the global specialty fats and butters industry 
while creating sustainable long-term value for all 
stakeholders.
ENHANCED 
PRODUCTION 
OPERATIONAL 
EXCELLENCE 
INNOVATION  
& R&D
SUSTAINABLE 
GROWTH 
GLOBAL 
EXPANSION 
34

--- page 38 ---
Financial Statements Statutory Reports Corporate Overview
35
Manorama Industries Limited
Annual Report 2025-26

--- page 39 ---
Board of Directors 
GOVERNANCE 
Strong governance is the foundation of our sustainable growth. We believe that trust, compliance, and ethical 
leadership are essential for long-term stakeholder value creation. Manorama’s governance structure is designed 
to ensure rigorous oversight, proactive risk management, and alignment with global best practices.
Mr. Ashish Saraf  
Chairman & Managing Director
Mrs. Vinita Saraf 
Vice Chairperson
& Whole Time Director
Mr. Gautam Kumar Pal 
Whole Time Director
CA Ashok Jain
Whole Time Director &
Chief Financial Officer
Mr. Shrey Ashish Saraf
Whole Time Director
36

--- page 40 ---
Mr. Mudit Kumar Singh
Independent Director
Ms. Subhaprada Nishtala
Independent Director
Mrs. Nipun Mehta
Independent Director
Mr. Jose V Joseph
Independent Director
Ms. Veni Mocherla
Independent Director
Financial Statements Statutory Reports Corporate Overview
37
Manorama Industries Limited
Annual Report 2025-26

--- page 41 ---
Management Team 
Dr. Krishnadath Bhaggan
Deputy CEO – Business Development 
& Vice President – R&D 
Mr. Mauro Sérgio Nobre Terreri 
Managing Director -  
Manorama Latin America
Mr. Dmitry Zimmermann 
Manager – International Sales & 
Business Development 
Mr. Thales Baptistiella 
Finance Manager -  
Manorama Latin America
Ms. Rossana Bento Cabral  
Marketing and Sales Executive at 
Brazil Latam 
Mr. Raj Shekhar  
General Manager - Fractionation
Mr. Luciano Luiz Pupp 
Head of R&D and A&TS in Brazil / 
Latam 
Mr. Appel Sten – VP
New & Existing Projects 
Mr. Deep Saraf
Deputy Chief Executive Officer – 
Chief Coordinator 
38

--- page 42 ---
Mr. Marcelo Sasaki 
Regional Sales Manager at Brazil 
Latam 
Mr. Chandan Gupta  
 Vice President – Sales 
Mr. Mansoor Ali 
Associate Vice President -Corporate 
Affairs
Mr. Yogendra Puri Goswami  
 Vice President 
Mr. Gundam Sreenivasulu 
Reddy
General Manager – Africa 
Mr. Steffen Storgaard 
Vice President – Europe Sales 
Ms. Nisha Sharma  
Assistant Vice President - International 
Sales & Business Development
Mr. Sandeep Agrawal 
Chief Operating Officer 
Mr. Vishal Hotchand Narang 
CEO / Director – Manorama Africa 
Limited & Eight Regional African 
Subsidiaries 
Financial Statements Statutory Reports Corporate Overview
39
Manorama Industries Limited
Annual Report 2025-26

--- page 43 ---
Mr. Pankaj Rathi  
DGM Accounts & Finance 
CS Deepak Sharma
 CS & Compliance Officer 
Mr. Jonas Bobou Bayoulou 
Associate Vice President & General 
Coordinator 
Mrs. Ekta Soni 
Associate Vice President – IR 
40

--- page 44 ---
Financial Statements Statutory Reports Corporate Overview
41
Manorama Industries Limited
Annual Report 2025-26

--- page 45 ---
Capacity to Compounding - Five 
Years of Structural Growth 
FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS 
Revenue  
(₹ crore)
FY26 1,358 
FY25 770.8 
FY24 457 
FY23 351 
FY22 279 
EBITDA (₹ crore) and 
EBITDA Margin (%)
FY26 367.7 
FY25 191.1 
FY24 73.5 
FY23 56.5 
FY22 38.9 
14.0
16.1 16.1
24.8
27.1
5-Year CAGR: 48.5%  | YoY Growth FY26: +76.1% 5-Year CAGR: 75.3% | Margin expansion FY26: +230 bps 
42

--- page 46 ---
Cash Profit exceeds Gross 
Block 
FY26 landmark in capital 
efficiency — first time in 
Manorama’s history 
Cash Profit 
₹258.77 cr 
Gross Block 
₹250.85 cr 
Return on Capital 
Employed (%)
FY26 33.6%
FY25 19.8%
FY24 10.6%
FY23 12.5%
FY22 10.4%
Working Capital 
Cycle (days)
FY26
125 
FY25 151
FY24 170
FY23 181
FY22 242
Net Debt to 
Equity (x)
FY26 0.38 
FY25 0.84
FY24 0.77
FY23 0.17
FY22 0.21
PAT (₹ crore) and PAT 
Margin (%)
Earnings Per 
Share (₹)
Return on 
Equity (%)
FY26 233.2 
FY26 39.05
FY26 40.3%
FY25 112.1 
FY25 18.7
FY25 28.1%
FY24 40.1 
FY24 7*
FY24 12.6%
FY23 29.8 
FY23 5*
FY23 11.7%
FY22 24.2 
FY22 4*
FY22 10.5%
8.7 8.5 8.8
14.5
17.2
5-Year CAGR: 76.2%
*Adjusted to face value of ₹2 per share for FY22–24
(land building,  
plant machinery)
Financial Statements Statutory Reports Corporate Overview
43
Manorama Industries Limited
Annual Report 2025-26

--- page 47 ---
People Are Our Science 
Platform’s Greatest Asset 
OUR PEOPLE 
523 
Total employees
19.6% 
Employee attrition
5.0%  
Workforce growth
4.1/5 
Employee satisfaction score
At Manorama Industries Limited, our people are central to our growth strategy and long-term success. We 
remain committed to creating a high-performing, inclusive and engaging workplace by investing in talent 
acquisition, capability development, employee well-being and a culture of continuous improvement. During 
FY 2025-26, our initiatives remained focused on strengthening organisational capabilities while fostering an 
environment where employees can thrive and contribute to our growth. 
We continued to strengthen our workforce to support expanding business requirements and operational 
excellence. Our employee base increased to 523 employees during the year, representing a 5.0% year-on-year 
growth. To support business expansion and replacement requirements, we recruited new employees across 
key functions including Production, Quality, Maintenance, Supply Chain, Stores, Human Resources, Finance, 
Administration and other operational and technical roles.
Employee retention remained a strategic priority during the year. Through focused initiatives such as structured 
training and development programmes, performance management practices, policy awareness sessions, career 
development opportunities and monthly reward and recognition programmes, we strengthened employee 
engagement and workforce stability. These efforts contributed to a reduction in attrition to 19.6% in FY 2025-
26 from 26.4% in the previous year.
Building a Strong Talent Pipeline
Enhancing Employee Retention
44

--- page 48 ---
311 
Survey participants
4.1/5 
Employee satisfaction score
We continued to strengthen our employee value proposition through initiatives that promote engagement, 
collaboration and holistic well-being. Throughout the year, employees participated in Green Day celebrations, 
birthday and festive events, recreational activities, free eye check-up camps, mental wellness sessions, 
performance management awareness programmes, employee communication forums and various recognition 
and reward initiatives. These efforts were complemented by regular health, safety and policy awareness 
programmes to foster a positive and supportive workplace environment.
Creating an equitable and inclusive workplace remains an important focus area. Women represented 8.4% of 
our active workforce and are employed across senior management, management, executive and workmen 
roles. Women also account for 16.7% of leadership positions, reflecting our continued efforts to enhance 
gender diversity across the organisation. Our commitment to inclusion is reinforced through equal opportunity 
employment practices, POSH and human rights awareness programmes, transparent grievance redressal 
mechanisms and fair career development opportunities.
Employee feedback remains a valuable input in strengthening our workplace culture. The Employee Satisfaction 
Survey 2025-26, with participation from 311 employees, recorded an overall satisfaction score of 4.1 out of 
5. Positive feedback across leadership effectiveness, employee engagement, HR policies, communication and 
workplace culture underscores our commitment to building an organisation where employees feel valued, 
supported and empowered to succeed.
Continuous learning remains integral to building a future-ready workforce. During the year, we conducted 
38 structured training programmes, covering technical, operational, behavioural, leadership, quality, safety, 
sustainability, compliance and digital capability-building topics. These programmes recorded 652 participations 
and delivered over 25,400 training man-hours, translating into an average of 39 training hours per participation. 
The programmes received an overall participant feedback rating of 4.0 out of 5, reflecting their effectiveness 
and relevance.
Employee Engagement and Well-being
Fostering an Inclusive Workplace
Listening to Our People
Learning and Capability Development
25,400+ 
Training man-hours
39
Training hours per participation
4.0/5 
Training feedback
652 
Total training participations
Financial Statements Statutory Reports Corporate Overview
45
Manorama Industries Limited
Annual Report 2025-26

--- page 49 ---
Our traceability framework is supported by a 
strong human rights approach aligned with global 
best practices. Regular supplier assessments 
and on-site audits evaluate compliance with 
fair labour and ethical working standards, while 
continuous engagement with suppliers, local 
communities, NGOs and women-led groups helps 
identify and mitigate risks through training and 
capacity-building. 
The framework is further strengthened 
through: 
• Technology-enabled systems for audit 
management, supplier onboarding and real-
time compliance monitoring. 
• Independent third-party assessments, 
including EcoVadis and SMETA 4-Pillar. 
• Globally recognised certifications such as Fair 
for Life, Fairtrade and Organic, reinforcing 
responsible sourcing and governance across 
our operations. 
Human Rights Protection Across the Supply Chain 
46

--- page 50 ---
To strengthen workplace safety and reinforce a 
proactive safety culture, Manorama observed 
National Fire Service Week 2025 through a 
series of awareness and engagement initiatives 
that enhanced employees’ preparedness and 
emergency response capabilities. 
Key highlights of the week included: 
• An inaugural tribute honouring the 66 
firefighters who lost their lives in the 1944 
Bombay Dock Explosion 
• The Manorama Fire Safety Run, promoting 
awareness and shared responsibility for 
workplace safety 
• Fire safety awareness sessions covering 
emergency response, extinguisher handling 
and evacuation procedures 
• Specialised training on preventing and 
managing electrical and chemical fire hazards 
• An interactive fire and safety quiz to reinforce 
learning and employee engagement 
• A closing ceremony reaffirming our 
commitment to maintaining a safe, prepared 
and resilient workplace 
Case Study — Fire Safety Week 2025: Fostering a Culture of Preparedness 
Financial Statements Statutory Reports Corporate Overview
47
Manorama Industries Limited
Annual Report 2025-26

--- page 51 ---
From Forest Floors to Futures  
— Uplifting the Communities at Our Roots 
EMPOWERING COMMUNITIES 
Empowering Tribal Women 
Millions of tribal women across India and West Africa are the 
primary collectors in our supply chain. All payments are made 
directly to individual bank accounts — ensuring transparency, 
financial inclusion, and dignity of labour. We work closely with 
women-led cooperatives and community groups, providing 
training in harvesting techniques, quality standards, and 
financial management. 
Our Jabari Bestaan programme currently reaches 
approximately 30,000 beneficiaries across our sourcing 
communities. In 2025-26, we began extending the 
programme into shea-growing regions of West Africa, with 
a target of reaching up to 100,000 beneficiaries — covering 
livelihoods, women’s empowerment, education, healthcare, 
and community welfare. 
At Manorama Industries, sustainability begins with 
the communities who are at the heart of our forest-
based supply chains. We are committed to fostering 
an inclusive workplace where every individual 
regardless of gender, background, or role has equal 
access to opportunity, recognition, and professional 
development. Our Equal Remuneration Policy and 
ISO 45001-certified Occupational Health & Safety 
Management System reflect our commitment to 
fairness, employee well-being, and a safe working 
environment.
Diversity extends beyond our workforce into our 
value chain, where tribal women play a pivotal role 
in the sustainable collection of forest-based raw 
materials. Through direct bank transfers, capacity-
building programmes, and community engagement 
initiatives, we promote financial inclusion and 
strengthen sustainable livelihoods.
Our commitment to ethical employment and 
responsible sourcing is further reinforced through 
our Fair for Life certification, providing independent 
assurance that our labour, social, and human rights 
practices meet internationally recognised standards 
across our operations and supply chain. Together, 
these efforts enable us to build a workplace and value 
chain where people thrive alongside sustainable 
business growth.
48

--- page 52 ---
Solar Street Lighting for 
Safer and Sustainable 
Communities 
To strengthen rural infrastructure and 
improve community safety, Manorama 
Industries Limited installed 20 solar-powered 
street lights across the tribal villages of 
Badagaon, Choterajpur–Pandoki and 
Baderajpur in Keshkal Block, Kondagaon 
district. Providing dependable, off-grid 
illumination, the initiative enhances nighttime 
safety and mobility for women, children, 
farmers and forest produce collectors 
while promoting renewable energy-based 
infrastructure for more resilient and 
environmentally sustainable communities. 
Impact Highlights 
• Infrastructure created: 20 solar-powered 
street lights 
• Coverage: Three tribal villages in Keshkal 
Block, Kondagaon district 
• Community impact: Enhanced safety, 
mobility and access to public spaces after 
dark through clean energy infrastructure 
Jaldeep Mission – Solar-
Powered Clean Water Initiative 
Under the Jaldeep Mission, Manorama 
Industries Limited enhanced access to safe 
drinking water by installing 2,000-litre solar-
powered water tank systems in Badagaon 
and Pandoki villages in the Keshkal region. By 
combining renewable energy with sustainable 
water infrastructure, the initiative improves 
water accessibility, hygiene and public health 
while reducing dependence on conventional 
energy sources. The installation at Pandoki 
is expected to benefit approximately 1,400 
community members, with beneficiary data 
for Badagaon to be incorporated upon final 
project validation. 
Impact Highlights 
• Infrastructure created: Two 2,000-litre 
solar-powered water tank systems 
• Direct beneficiaries: Approximately 1,400 
people in Pandoki village (Badagaon data 
to be updated) 
• ESG impact: Improved access to 
clean water using renewable energy, 
supporting SDG 6 – Clean Water and 
Sanitation 
1
2
Financial Statements Statutory Reports Corporate Overview
49
Manorama Industries Limited
Annual Report 2025-26

--- page 53 ---
Women Skill Development and 
Livelihood Empowerment
As part of its commitment to inclusive growth, 
Manorama Industries Limited organised a Wax-
Based Craft Skill Development Programme 
to strengthen livelihood opportunities for 
women and adolescent girls from underserved 
rural communities. Through hands-on training 
in candle making and other wax-based 
products, the programme empowered 104 
participants across four communities with 
practical entrepreneurial skills, enabling 
them to pursue home-based enterprises and 
sustainable income-generating opportunities. 
Impact Highlights 
• Participants trained: 104 women and 
adolescent girls 
• Coverage: Four rural communities 
• Socio-economic impact: Enhanced 
employability, entrepreneurship and 
opportunities for sustainable livelihoods 
1,000-Tree Plantation 
and Elderly Community 
Engagement
Reinforcing its commitment to environmental 
conservation and inclusive community 
participation, Manorama Industries Limited 
undertook a 1,000-tree plantation drive in 
Kanker City in collaboration with a local old-
age home. The initiative brought together 
56 elderly residents and the Company’s CSR 
team, fostering environmental awareness, 
social inclusion and shared responsibility for 
building a greener future. 
Impact Highlights 
• Trees planted: 1,000 
• Direct participants: 56 elderly residents 
• Environmental impact: Increased green 
cover while promoting environmental 
stewardship and intergenerational 
community participation 
3
4
50

--- page 54 ---
Mungai Mata Temple 
Cleanliness and 
Environmental Awareness 
Initiative
Through its CSR programme, Manorama 
Industries Limited supported the Mungai 
Mata Temple Cleanliness, Environmental 
Conservation and Awareness Campaign in 
Mahasamund district, Chhattisgarh. The 
initiative promoted responsible waste 
management and environmental stewardship 
through cleanliness drives, waste collection 
and segregation, installation of waste bins 
and community awareness activities. These 
efforts contributed to preserving the temple’s 
natural surroundings while fostering a cleaner 
and more environmentally conscious public 
space. 
Impact Highlights 
• Focus area: Temple premises and 
surrounding hill ecosystem 
• Key interventions: Waste collection and 
segregation, waste-bin installation and 
environmental awareness activities 
• Environmental impact: Improved 
cleanliness, responsible waste 
management and conservation of a 
culturally significant public space 
5
Women Self-Help Groups (SHGs) play a vital role 
in our forest-based sourcing network across 
thousands of villages in Chhattisgarh, Odisha, 
Jharkhand, Madhya Pradesh, Maharashtra 
and neighbouring states. By collecting Mango 
kernels and Sal seeds from the forest floor after 
natural fruit fall, they contribute to a responsible 
sourcing model that creates both environmental 
and social value. 
Our approach enables: 
• Sustainable harvesting through non-
destructive collection practices. 
• Diversified income opportunities during 
lean agricultural seasons. 
• Skill development through training on 
collection, drying and storage practices. 
• Financial empowerment through 
transparent weighing systems and fair 
pricing mechanisms. 
This community-led model generates lasting 
socio-economic benefits by: 
• Strengthening income stability for women 
and their families. 
• Enhancing women’s decision-making power 
and promoting gender equity at household 
and community levels. 
• Improving access to education, nutrition and 
healthcare through higher earnings. 
• Preserving traditional ecological knowledge 
while supporting long-term forest 
conservation and resource availability. 
In 2025-26, Manorama installed a solar-powered 2,000-litre water storage tank across three villages — 
Pandoki, Badagaon, and Baderajpur — promoting access to clean drinking water and renewable energy 
infrastructure in rural communities. 
Case Study — Women at the Heart of India’s Forest Sourcing 
Drinking Water 
Financial Statements Statutory Reports Corporate Overview
51
Manorama Industries Limited
Annual Report 2025-26

--- page 55 ---
Science Applied to Sustainability 
ENVIRONMENTAL INITIATIVES 
Sustainability is not a parallel agenda at Manorama 
Industries Limited — it is inherent to how we source, 
operate, and create value. Business performance, 
environmental responsibility, and community 
wellbeing advance together, guided by our founding 
principles of Waste to Wealth, Poorest to Richest, 
and Forest to Fortune. This model transforms 
underutilised natural resources into global-grade 
ingredients while ensuring the benefits flow back to 
the people and landscapes at their source. 
Our ESG priorities are aligned with the United 
Nations Sustainable Development Goals, focused on 
the areas where our business model — forest-based 
sourcing, rural livelihoods, and ethical supply chains 
- creates the most meaningful impact: No Poverty, 
Gender Equality, Decent Work and Economic Growth, 
Responsible Consumption and Production, Climate 
Action, and Life on Land, among others. 
Responsible Land Use & Zero-Deforestation 
Sourcing 
Our responsible sourcing approach is founded on 
non-invasive forest collection. Sal, Mowrah, Kokum, 
Mango and Shea are sourced only after natural fruit 
fall, ensuring minimal ecological impact. 
• No trees are felled, harmed or cultivated for raw 
material collection 
• Harvesting aligns with the natural fruit-fall cycle, 
preserving forest ecosystems and preventing 
land-use change 
Strengthening Biodiversity Through Community 
Engagement 
Working alongside forest-dependent communities 
across India and West Africa, we promote biodiversity 
conservation through: 
• Sustainable harvesting practices for Sal, Mango 
and Shea 
• Environmental awareness and capacity-building 
programmes, with a special focus on women 
collectors 
• Cultivation of native species to encourage 
natural regeneration and reduce dependence 
on timber 
• Plantation initiatives and sapling distribution 
across tribal regions of Chhattisgarh and 
Jharkhand 
As we strengthen our No Deforestation, No Peat, 
No Exploitation (NDPE) commitments, we continue 
to enhance traceability, deepen community 
partnerships and adopt science-based restoration 
practices to create resilient and regenerative 
sourcing landscapes. 
Our Philosophy
Emissions Reduction 
52

--- page 56 ---
Financial Statements Statutory Reports Corporate Overview
53
Manorama Industries Limited
Annual Report 2025-26

--- page 57 ---
At Manorama Industries, sustainability is embedded 
across our value chain—from responsible sourcing 
of forest-based resources to efficient processing and 
long-term partnerships. We focus on creating value 
from naturally available resources while supporting 
the ecosystems and communities connected to 
them. 
Our approach centres on resource stewardship, 
inclusive livelihoods and responsible growth, 
supported by scientific innovation and local 
knowledge. We continue to work towards a model 
where environmental stewardship, community 
development and business growth move together, 
creating lasting value for our stakeholders and the 
landscapes from which our resources originate.
Our facilities incorporate Indian Green Building 
Council (IGBC) principles to enhance resource 
efficiency, environmental performance and 
operational resilience through: 
• Automated LED lighting systems across 
operational areas. 
• Energy-efficient compressors, power factor 
controllers and variable frequency drives to 
optimise electrical loads. 
• Water-efficient plumbing and rainwater 
harvesting structures to reduce freshwater 
dependence. 
• Native broad-leaf green belts that support 
biodiversity and improve the local microclimate. 
Collectively, these initiatives lower indirect 
emissions from electricity consumption while 
fostering a more sustainable and resource-efficient 
manufacturing environment. 
Energy efficiency remains a key pillar of our 
decarbonisation journey, driving lower emissions 
while enhancing operational performance. Our key 
initiatives include: 
• Deployment of variable frequency drives 
and energy-efficient motors across high-load 
equipment. 
• LED lighting upgrades and optimisation to 
reduce electricity consumption and improve 
illumination. 
• Power factor correction measures to enhance 
power quality and operational stability. 
• Heat recovery systems that capture and reuse 
thermal energy, reducing fuel consumption and 
associated emissions. 
Our Philosophy
Case Study — IGBC-Aligned Green Infrastructure 
Energy Efficiency & Green Infrastructure 
54

--- page 58 ---
Aligned with our ‘Waste to Wealth’ philosophy, we 
ensure that every fraction of the seeds we process 
finds a productive use: 
• De-oiled cake → Indian cattle feed industry 
• Acid oil, gums, spent earth → repurposed inputs 
• Zero effluent discharge from the Birkoni plant 
Our circular value chain eliminates waste as 
a concept — every by-product is, by design, a 
feedstock for another value stream. 
Strong governance underpins our responsible 
sourcing and ESG commitments. Independent 
assessments and globally recognised certifications 
strengthen accountability, transparency and 
stakeholder confidence. Fair for Life certification 
validates our labour and social practices against 
international standards, while Fairtrade, Organic, 
EcoVadis and SMETA 4-Pillar assessments reinforce 
the credibility of our sustainability performance and 
responsible business practices. 
The VANSAKHI programme — conducted in 2025-26 
— trained selected delegates from among our seed 
collectors to cascade forest and wildlife conservation 
education to fellow villagers and community 
members. This initiative is designed to strengthen 
biodiversity stewardship at the grassroots level, 
among the communities who live closest to the 
forest ecosystems that supply our raw materials. 
Our NDPE (No Deforestation, No Peat, No 
Exploitation) policy, committed to in 2024-25 
and implemented across our global supply chain, 
remains the foundation of our sourcing model. Zero 
cultivation. Zero deforestation. Traceability back to 
the forest floor. 
Waste Management 
Governance & Independent Assurance 
Biodiversity 
Financial Statements Statutory Reports Corporate Overview
55
Manorama Industries Limited
Annual Report 2025-26

--- page 59 ---
56
Awards and Accolades


--- page 60 ---
Financial Statements Statutory Reports Corporate Overview
57
Manorama Industries Limited
Annual Report 2025-26


--- page 61 ---
58

--- page 62 ---
Financial Statements Statutory Reports Corporate Overview
59
Manorama Industries Limited
Annual Report 2025-26

--- page 63 ---
Management Management 
Discussion Discussion 
And AnalysisAnd Analysis
60


--- page 64 ---
GLOBAL ECONOMY OVERVIEW
3.4
CY 2025
3.1
CY 2026
3.2
CY 2027
The global economy remained resilient in CY 2025, recording 
growth of 3.4%, supported by strong technology-led 
investments, expanding services trade and accommodative 
financial conditions. However, the outbreak of conflict in 
the Middle East in February 2026 has introduced fresh 
uncertainties, disrupting energy markets, heightening 
inflationary pressures and moderating global growth 
prospects. According to the IMF, global GDP growth is projected 
to ease to 3.1% in CY 2026 before improving marginally to  
3.2% in CY 2027.
Geopolitical and Energy Market Disruptions
A key development shaping the global outlook has been the Iran-US conflict and the resulting disruption of energy supply chains. 
The closure of the Strait of Hormuz and damage to critical hydrocarbon infrastructure have triggered a significant supply shock, 
pushing crude oil prices higher and increasing transportation, manufacturing and logistics costs globally. Oil prices are projected to 
rise by 21.4% in CY 2026, while natural gas and food prices are also expected to remain elevated due to higher energy, fertiliser and 
freight costs. These developments have intensified inflationary pressures and weakened growth prospects across both advanced 
and emerging economies.
Investment Trends Driving Economic Resilience
Investment activity remained a key pillar of economic resilience. Businesses continued to invest in artificial intelligence, automation, 
semiconductors, cloud infrastructure and digital transformation initiatives to improve productivity and strengthen competitiveness. 
At the same time, governments accelerated investments in strategic infrastructure, energy security and supply-chain diversification, 
reflecting the growing need to build resilience against geopolitical and economic disruptions.
Regional Growth Dynamics
Growth trends continue to diverge across regions. Advanced economies are expected to expand by 1.4% in CY 2026 and 1.5% in CY 
2027, supported by easing financial conditions, technology investments and policy support, although growth remains constrained 
by weak productivity gains and geopolitical uncertainty. In contrast, EMDEs are projected to grow by 3.7% in CY 2026 and 4.0% 
in CY 2027, driven by favourable demographics, rising consumption, urbanization and infrastructure investments. Nevertheless, 
higher energy costs and tighter external financing conditions may temper growth in several developing economies.
1.8
CY 2025
4.3
CY 2025
1.4
CY 2026
3.7
CY 2026
1.5
CY 2027
4.0
CY 2027
Advanced Economies (%) Emerging Market & Developing Economies (%)
Manorama Industries Limited
Annual Report 2025-26
Corporate OverviewStatutory ReportsFinancial Statements
61

--- page 65 ---
4.1
CY 2025
4.4
CY 2026
4.7
CY 2027
Inflation Dynamics
Inflationary pressures remained relatively contained, with 
global headline inflation averaging 4.1% in CY 2025. Temporary 
supply disruptions, including those arising from the closure 
of the Strait of Hormuz, contributed to higher energy and 
food prices, leading inflation to an estimated 4.4% in CY 
2026. As supply chains normalise and commodity markets 
stabilise, inflation is expected to moderate to approximately 
3.7% by CY 2027.
Outlook
Looking ahead, technology adoption, digitalization and investment-led expansion are expected to remain important drivers 
of global economic activity. However, geopolitical tensions, energy market volatility, inflationary pressures and trade 
fragmentation continue to pose significant risks to the pace and sustainability of global growth.
Source: World Economic Outlook, April 2026: Global Economy in the Shadow of War
62


--- page 66 ---
2023–24 2024–25 
FRE
2025–26 
SAE
7.2%
7.1%
7.6%
INDIAN ECONOMY
India continued to reinforce its position as one of the fastest-growing major economies during 2025–26 recording real GDP growth 
of 7.6%, compared to 7.1% in the previous fiscal year. Nominal GDP expanded by 8.6% to ` 345.47 lakh Crore, reflecting the 
economy’s underlying strength and resilience. Growth was driven by robust domestic demand, sustained public and private sector 
investments, and strong performance across the industrial and services sectors. 
Supported by policy stability, ongoing economic reforms and significant infrastructure development, India continued to build on 
its strong macroeconomic fundamentals. The broad-based nature of growth underscores the increasing maturity of the economy 
and reinforces India’s emergence as a key driver of global economic expansion, supported by favourable demographics and rising 
economic competitiveness.
Source: Ministry of Statistics & Programme Implementation (MoSPI), First Advance Estimates FY26
7.6%
Real GDP Growth — 2025–26
8.6%
Nominal GDP Growth — 2025–26
4
Global Economy Rank by Nominal GDP
FRE: First Revised Estimates 
SAE: Second Advance Estimates
Annual GDP Growth Rates (%) at Constant Prices
GDP Levels
Manorama Industries Limited
Annual Report 2025-26
Corporate OverviewStatutory ReportsFinancial Statements
63

--- page 67 ---
Sectoral Growth Momentum
2025–26 witnessed healthy expansion across key sectors of the Indian economy, with both industry and services 
contributing significantly to overall economic growth. The industrial sector demonstrated improved performance, with 
Gross Value Added (GVA) growth rising to 6.2% from 5.9% in the previous fiscal year. This improvement was supported 
by stronger manufacturing activity, increasing capacity utilization and sustained investments in infrastructure and 
construction projects. Continued momentum in construction and allied industries reflected robust economic activity and 
reinforced confidence in long-term development prospects. To further support the industry growth the Union Budget 
2026–27 proposes to increase public capital expenditure further to `12.2 lakh Crore, highlighting the Government’s 
continued emphasis on infrastructure development, crowding-in private investment and enhancing productive capacity 
across sectors.
The services sector remained the largest contributor to economic output, recording GVA growth of 9.1% during 2025–
26 compared to 7.2% in 2024–25. Growth was led by trade, transportation, communication and related services, which 
emerged as the fastest-growing sub-segment with growth of 10.1%. Strong performance in services exports, coupled with 
rising employment opportunities and increasing urban incomes, contributed to overall economic resilience and supported 
domestic consumption. The continued expansion of the services economy is expected to drive demand across housing, 
infrastructure and other consumer-oriented sectors.
5.9
2024–25 
(PE)
6.2
2025–26 
(1st AE)
7.2
2024–25 
(PE)
9.1
2025–26 
(1st AE)
Industry (%) Services (%)
Trade, Transport & Communication (sub-sector)
10.1% 
Source: MOSPI FIRST ADVANCE ESTIMATES; PIB PRESS RELEASE PRID 2219907
64


--- page 68 ---
Inflation and Monetary Environment
2025–26 witnessed a favourable inflationary environment, with CPI inflation averaging 2.7%, supported by easing food and fuel 
prices. The moderation in inflation improved consumer sentiment, strengthened household purchasing power and provided room 
for monetary policy easing.
Reflecting the benign inflation outlook, the RBI adopted an accommodative stance, reducing the repo rate to 5.25% and the CRR 
to 3.0%, thereby enhancing liquidity and supporting credit growth. However, geopolitical tensions, particularly the US-Iran conflict, 
triggered a sharp rise in commodity prices, causing wholesale inflation to surge to a 42-month high of 8.3% in April. Elevated crude 
oil prices led to higher fuel, transportation and manufacturing costs across the economy.
Despite these temporary pressures, lower retail inflation, easing borrowing costs and improved liquidity conditions created a 
supportive environment for consumption, investment and business growth, strengthening the overall economic outlook.
2.7%
Avg. CPI Inflation, 2025-26
5.25%
RBI Repo Rate (February 2026)
3.0%
Cash Reserve Ratio (CRR)
Source: PIB Press Release PRID 2219907; RBI Monetary Policy Committee Statement
Monthly CPI (Headline, Core and Food) Inflation
Core inflation, 4.62
Headline inflation, 1.3
Food inflation (RHS) -2.71
12.00
10.00
8.00
6.00
4.00
2.00
0.00
-2.00
-4.00
-6.00
Apr-24
Apr-25
May-24
May-25
Jun-24
Jun-25
Jul-24
Jul-25
Aug-24
Aug-25
Sep-24
Sep-25
Oct-24
Oct-25
Nov-24
Nov-25
Dec-24
Dec-25
Jan-25
Feb-25
Mar-25
Food inflation (RHS)Core inflationHeadline inflation
Percent
Source: Calculated using data from MoSPI
Outlook
For Manorama Industries Limited, these macroeconomic trends provide a supportive backdrop for growth. Rising demand for 
specialty fats, cocoa butter equivalents, specialty butters and natural ingredient solutions across domestic and international 
markets, coupled with increasing focus on sustainable sourcing and value-added food ingredients, is expected to create significant 
opportunities for The Company. With its diversified product portfolio, expanding manufacturing capabilities and strong customer 
relationships, The Company remains well positioned to capitalize on the evolving opportunities arising from India's growth story.
Source: HTTPS://WWW.PIB.GOV .IN/PRESSRELEASEPAGE.ASPX?PRID=2233792&REG=3&LANG=1
Manorama Industries Limited
Annual Report 2025-26
Corporate OverviewStatutory ReportsFinancial Statements
65

--- page 69 ---
INDUSTRY OVERVIEW
GLOBAL COCOA BUTTER EQUIVALENT (CBE) INDUSTRY
Cocoa Butter Equivalent (CBE) is a plant-based fat derived from sources such as 
sal fat, mango butter, shea butter, kokum butter, palm oil, specifically designed to 
replicate the melting profile, texture and mouthfeel of natural cocoa butter. As a 
cost-effective and sustainable alternative, CBEs are widely used in confectionery 
manufacturing and are approved under applicable food regulations. Growing 
demand for chocolate and confectionery products, coupled with increasing focus 
on sustainable sourcing and affordable production inputs, continues to drive the 
growth of the global CBE market.
The global CBE market, estimated at USD 1,888.65 Mn in 2026, is projected to 
grow to USD 2,124.48 Mn by 2035, at a CAGR of 4% over the forecast period. 
This steady growth trajectory reflects the sustained structural demand for cost-
effective cocoa butter alternatives across the global confectionery, food and 
beverage, and cosmetics industries.
USD 1,888.65 Mn
USD 2,124.48 Mn
Market Size — 
2026
Market Size — 
2035 (Forecast)
CAGR (2026–2035)
4% per annum
Latest Market Trend: Sustainability and Traceability
The most prominent recent development shaping the CBE market is a notable shift towards sustainability and responsible sourcing. 
End consumers are increasingly demanding visibility into product ingredients and are willing to pay a premium for products 
containing sustainably certified raw materials — particularly certified sustainable palm oil, sal fat, mango kernel fat and shea butter.  
This trend simultaneously addresses environmental concerns and meets the ethical expectations of a growing consumer base, 
thereby enhancing brand value for compliant manufacturers.
Companies operating in the CBE space are investing proactively in supply chain traceability and sustainability certifications for key 
raw materials including RSPO (Roundtable on Sustainable Palm Oil), along with certifications and responsible sourcing frameworks 
for shea butter, sal fat and mango kernel fat.  These initiatives are enabling manufacturers to respond to evolving consumer 
preferences and regulatory expectations, strengthening their market positioning and enabling access to premium end-markets in 
Europe and North America.
66


--- page 70 ---
KEY GROWTH DRIVERS
Rising Demand 
for Natural & Non-
Hydrogenated 
Ingredients
Growing consumer and manufacturer preference for natural, trans-fat-free alternatives 
in food applications is driving CBE adoption as a stable, high-quality substitute for 
cocoa butter in chocolate and confectionery products.
Cost Competitiveness vs. 
Cocoa Butter
Recurring cocoa butter price volatility — driven by climate disruptions in West 
Africa — makes CBEs a structurally attractive, margin-protective alternative for food 
manufacturers.
Expansion of the 
Confectionery Industry
Steady growth in global chocolate and confectionery production — particularly in 
emerging economies — is directly increasing demand for CBE as a cost-effective, 
quality-preserving cocoa butter equivalent
Innovation in CBE 
Formulations
Leading global players continue to invest in R&D to develop CBE products with 
enhanced sensory and functional qualities, reflecting the industry’s sustained 
innovation momentum.
Market Access Expansion
Strategic partnerships and geographic expansion by leading producers are enlarging 
the global CBE demand base, particularly across Asia Pacific, the Middle East & Africa, 
and Latin America.
Driver Brief Description
The sustained global expansion of chocolate and confectionery 
production — particularly across Asia Pacific and other emerging 
markets — will continue to generate durable, growing demand 
for CBE as a cost-effective, quality-preserving alternative to 
natural cocoa butter. Concurrently, increasing regulatory and 
consumer pressure for certified sustainable, traceable, and 
non-deforestation-linked ingredients is expected to reward 
producers with strong provenance credentials, especially 
those sourcing from non-palm botanical origins such as sal 
fat, mango butter, and kokum butter. Beyond confectionery, the 
broadening adoption of CBE into bakery, dairy analogues, food 
and beverage texturization, and cosmetics — supported by 
continued product innovation by leading market participants 
— will further expand the total addressable market and sustain 
growth momentum through the forecast horizon.
Source: HTTPS://WWW.GLOBALMARKETSTATISTICS.COM/MARKET-
REPORTS/COCOA-BUTTER-EQUIVALENT-MARKET-11385
Manorama Industries Limited
Annual Report 2025-26
Corporate OverviewStatutory ReportsFinancial Statements
67

--- page 71 ---
KEY GROWTH DRIVERS
Global Specialty Fats and Oils Market
Specialty fats and oils are derived from a variety of natural sources — including 
coconuts, sunflower, soybeans, rapeseed, palm, peanut, and olive — and are 
processed to deliver specific functional, nutritional, and sensory attributes that 
standard commodity oils cannot provide. They are available in solid, semi-solid, and 
liquid forms and serve a wide range of applications across confectionery, bakery, 
dairy, cosmetics, and other food and industrial sectors. Specialty fats include 
sub-categories such as margarine, shortenings, cocoa butter alternatives, cream 
alternatives, and confectionery fats, while specialty oils encompass vegetable oils, 
seed oils, essential oils, and fish oils.
The global specialty fats and oils market has grown strongly in recent years, the 
current market value stands at USD 18.17 Bn in 2026. Looking ahead, the market is 
forecast to reach USD 32.5 Bn by 2034, advancing at a robust CAGR of 7.6% over 
the 2026–2034 period. This growth trajectory reflects the sustained convergence 
of multiple structural demand drivers: increasing consumption of packaged 
and processed foods, growth of bakery and confectionery industries, and an 
accelerating regulatory and consumer-driven shift towards healthier, cleaner, and 
more sustainable fat profiles.
USD 18.17 Bn
USD 32.5 Bn
Market Size — 
2026
Market Size — 
2034 
CAGR (2026–2034)
7.6% per annum
Growing Consumption 
of Packaged Food
Rising consumer preference for ready-to-eat and convenience foods — which rely on 
specialty fats for texture, stability, and shelf life — is the primary structural driver. US retail 
food prices rose 5% in 2023 (USDA, June 2024), reflecting growing packaged food spending, 
with categories such as dairy, processed meat, pasta, and rice among top contributors.
Expansion of Processed 
Food Manufacturing
Growth of large-scale food processing — particularly across emerging markets in Asia, Africa, 
and Latin America — is increasing demand for consistent, functional, and cost-effective 
specialty fat inputs across all processed food categories.
Growth of Bakery and 
Confectionery Industries
The bakery and confectionery sectors — the two largest application segments — continue 
to grow globally, driving demand for specialty fats that deliver the specific functional 
properties (structure, texture, melt, shelf stability) required in biscuits, cakes, chocolates, and 
confectionery coatings.
Increasing Use of 
Palm Oil Alternatives
Sustainability concerns around palm oil cultivation are driving large-scale reformulation 
towards non-palm specialty fats sourced from shea, sal, mango, kokum, and other botanical 
origins. This structural shift is opening significant new demand for sustainably sourced 
specialty fat producers.
Development of Fat 
Modification Technologies
Advances in fractionation, enzymatic interesterification, and hydrogenation alternatives 
have broadened the functional range and quality of specialty fats, enabling manufacturers to 
meet evolving food formulation needs with improved nutritional profiles and better sensory 
performance.
Rising Demand for 
Texture-Enhancing Fats
Consumer expectations for superior mouthfeel, creaminess, and eating experience across 
food categories are driving increased use of specialty fats as performance ingredients that 
commodity oils cannot replicate.
Driver Description
https://www.thebusinessresearchcompany.com/report/specialty-fats-and-oils-global-market-report
Specialty Fats & Oils Market Size & Global Forecast to 2034
68


--- page 72 ---
Outlook
The global specialty fats and oils market is positioned for 
robust and sustained growth, underpinned by structural 
demand tailwinds that are expected to intensify over the 
forecast period. The primary engine of this growth is the 
accelerating consumption of packaged and processed 
foods globally, particularly across high-population emerging 
markets in Asia Pacific, South East Asia, and Africa, where 
rapid urbanization and rising disposable incomes are driving a 
structural shift towards convenience food formats that rely on 
specialty fats for quality, stability, and shelf life.
Over the forecast horizon, the market’s growth will increasingly 
Global Chocolate Industry
The global chocolate market encompasses a wide range of products, 
including chocolate bars, chocolate-covered candies and chocolate-
coated fruits, spanning traditional cocoa-based variants such as dark, 
milk and white chocolate, as well as alternative formulations. The 
market was valued at USD 127.1 Bn in 2025 and is estimated to reach 
USD 131.7 Bn in 2026. Driven by rising consumer awareness of the 
health benefits associated with premium and dark chocolate—including 
cardiovascular wellness, improved cognitive function and mood 
enhancement—the market is projected to grow steadily at a CAGR of 
4.9% between 2026 and 2033, reaching an estimated value of USD 184.7 
Bn by 2033. Growing demand for indulgent yet functional food products, 
coupled with premiumization trends, continues to support long-term 
market expansion.
USD 131.7 Bn
USD 184.7 Bn 
Market Size — 
2026
Market Size — 
2033 (Forecast)
CAGR (2026–2033)
4.9% per annum
Rising Demand for 
Premium & Indulgent 
Products
Consumers increasingly seek premium ingredients, artisanal formats, exotic flavours, 
and ethically sourced products, strengthening demand for value-added chocolate 
across developed and emerging markets.
Gifting Culture & 
Seasonal Demand
Festive celebrations, corporate gifting, and seasonal occasions (Valentine’s Day, 
Christmas, Easter) sustain strong recurring demand for premium boxed chocolates 
and artisanal assortments, especially among urban consumers.
E-commerce & Digital 
Marketing Growth
Rapid growth of online platforms and digital marketing has expanded brand accessibility 
globally, enabling limited-edition collections, customised packaging, and direct-to-
consumer offerings that broaden the consumer base.
Health & Functional 
Benefits of Chocolate
Growing awareness of dark chocolate’s mood, cardiovascular, and cognitive benefits 
drives consumption. Rising prevalence of stress and mental health concerns (3.4% of 
global population affected by depression) is also expected to support demand.
Driver Description
Key Growth Drivers
be shaped by the convergence of sustainability and health 
imperatives. The global regulatory push to eliminate trans 
fats, rising consumer demand for clean-label and traceable 
ingredients, and the rapid expansion of the plant-based food 
sector will collectively drive large-scale reformulation activity 
— creating sustained demand for innovative specialty fat 
solutions that are healthier, more functional, and sustainably 
sourced. Companies that can offer non-palm, deforestation-
free, and certified-sustainable specialty fats from botanical 
origins will be structurally advantaged to capture the growing 
premium segment of the market, particularly in Europe 
and North America where these credentials are becoming 
procurement prerequisites.
Manorama Industries Limited
Annual Report 2025-26
Corporate OverviewStatutory ReportsFinancial Statements
69

--- page 73 ---
Driver Description
Outlook
The market’s long-term trajectory is underpinned by the 
enduring structural demand for chocolate across all consumer 
segments and geographies, reinforced by powerful secular 
trends towards premiumization, functional and health-
oriented consumption, sustainable sourcing, and digital-
channel expansion.
The Middle East & Africa and Asia Pacific regions — projected 
to grow at CAGRs of 7.6% and 7.0% respectively — will drive 
incremental volume and value growth well above mature-
market rates, as rising incomes and urbanization expand 
the addressable consumer base. The e-commerce channel, 
growing at 5.7% CAGR, will increasingly serve as the primary 
route to consumers for premium, gifting, and specialty 
chocolate formats. Sustainability and ethical sourcing will 
become defining competitive differentiators: consumer 
and regulatory pressure for Rainforest Alliance, Fairtrade, 
Fair for Life , and single-origin certified products will reward 
transparent, traceable supply chains. Concurrently, growing 
interest in carob-based and artificial chocolate alternatives 
(9.6% CAGR) — driven by caffeine-intolerant consumers and 
health-conscious buyers — signals meaningful diversification 
of the overall market beyond traditional cocoa-based formats.
https://www.grandviewresearch.com/industry-analysis/chocolate-market
Global HoReCa Industry
HoReCa — an acronym for Hotels, Restaurants, and Catering — is the globally 
recognised term for the hospitality sector comprising businesses that provide 
accommodation, dining, and catering services. The sector serves a wide spectrum 
of needs: lodging for travellers, food and beverage experiences in restaurants and 
cafés, and catering services for events and institutional functions. The HoReCa 
sector is a significant driver of employment generation, tourism activity, and 
economic value across all major geographies.
The global HoReCa market has demonstrated strong and consistent recovery 
and growth momentum following the post-pandemic normalization of travel 
and out-of-home dining behaviour. Rising consumer incomes, urbanization, 
tourism expansion, and rapid digital adoption are collectively accelerating market 
development, particularly across emerging economies in Asia Pacific, the Middle 
East & Africa, and Latin America.
The global HoReCa market is on a robust growth trajectory. The Business Research 
Company estimates the market at USD 3,304.71 Bn in 2025, growing to USD 
3,527.87 Bn in 2026 — a year-on-year increase of 6.8% — and forecast to reach 
USD 4,561.91 Bn by 2030 at a CAGR of 6.6%. 
USD 3,527.87 Bn
USD 4,561.91 Bn
Market Size — 
2026
Market Size — 
2030 (Forecast)
CAGR (2026–2030)
6.6% per annum
Growth of Tourism 
& Travel
Recovery and expansion of global tourism is the primary structural driver, directly 
boosting hotel occupancy, restaurant covers, and catering events. International tourist 
arrivals reached 613 Mn in 2022 (UNWTO) with strong continued momentum through 
2025, particularly across Asia Pacific and the Middle East.
Urbanization & Rising 
Disposable Incomes
Rapid urbanization in developing economies is reshaping food and hospitality 
consumption habits, while rising middle-class incomes across Asia Pacific, the Middle 
East, and Latin America are expanding the addressable base for out-of-home dining 
and hotel services.
Expansion of Food 
Service Outlets & 
Construction
New hotel construction, restaurant openings, and cloud kitchen proliferation are 
expanding both supply and demand. Global construction growth — UK new work 
output hit a record £139,029 Mn in 2023 (ONS) — directly creates sustained demand 
for HoReCa accommodation, catering, and food services. 
Digital Innovation & 
Technology Adoption
AI-powered dining, contactless systems, online food ordering platforms, and mobile 
applications are transforming HoReCa operations — expanding reach, improving 
efficiency, and enhancing guest experiences — driving both new customer acquisition 
and higher spend per visit.
Key Market Statistics
70


--- page 74 ---
Global Confectionery Industry
The global confectionery industry remained resilient in 
2025–2026 despite inflationary pressures, cocoa price 
volatility, and evolving consumer preferences. The market 
continues to benefit from strong demand for indulgent 
snacks, premium products, innovative flavors, and healthier 
confectionery alternatives.
Industry estimates place the global confectionery market 
between USD 220.85 Bn and USD 228.30 Bn in 2026, and 
reach USD 295.06 Bn by 2034, advancing at a CAGR of 
3.26%, supported by premiumization, emerging-market 
demand, and product innovation.
HTTPS://WWW.FORTUNEBUSINESSINSIGHTS.COM/INDUSTRY-REPORTS/
CONFECTIONERY-MARKET-100542
USD 220.85 Bn
Market Size — 
2025 (Base Year)
USD 228.30 Bn
Market Size — 
2026 (Current Year)
USD 295.06 Bn
Market Size — 
2034 (Forecast)
KEY GROWTH DRIVERS
Rising Demand for On-the-go 
& Convenience Snacks
Growing Demand for Sugar-
free Chocolates
Premiumization & Artisanal 
Product Growth
Increasing modernization and hectic professional-personal lifestyles are driving 
demand for convenient, quick-to-eat food products. Manufacturers are capitalising 
by launching on-the-go chocolate snack bars, small portable packs, and convenience 
formats. The association of chocolate with younger and working populations is 
propelling confectionery consumption globally.
Rising prevalence of lifestyle diseases (diabetes, obesity, high blood pressure) is 
shifting consumer preferences towards low-calorie, sugar-free food products. The 
sugar-free chocolate segment is growing in response to this health-consciousness 
trend, creating sustained innovation and new product development demand from 
manufacturers.
Demand for premium product ranges is growing steadily in developed markets and 
accelerating in developing regions, driven by Western influence, rising disposable 
incomes, and expanding international trade.
Outlook
The market’s long-term growth is underpinned by the dual 
forces of premiumization across developed markets and 
volume expansion in developing economies. As Western 
lifestyle influence, rising incomes, and urbanization continue 
to expand the addressable consumer base in Asia Pacific, 
the Middle East, and Latin America, global chocolate and 
confectionery consumption is expected to sustain above-
trend growth rates in these geographies.
Consumer health consciousness will increasingly shape 
product development, with sugar-free, organic, and plant-
based confectionery formats becoming mainstream 
rather than niche. Manufacturers that invest in clean-label 
formulations, sustainable cocoa sourcing, and premium 
artisanal product development will be structurally better 
positioned to capture premium-price demand and navigate 
the raw material price volatility that remains the industry’s 
primary structural headwind. The growth of online retail as a 
confectionery distribution channel — accelerated by COVID-
19-era behavioural changes — will also continue to reshape 
the competitive landscape, rewarding brands with strong 
digital presence and direct-to-consumer capabilities.
Driver Description
Key Market Statistics
Manorama Industries Limited
Annual Report 2025-26
Corporate OverviewStatutory ReportsFinancial Statements
71

--- page 75 ---
USD 354.68 Bn
Market Size 
(2025)
USD 375.62 Bn
Market Size 
(2026)
USD 644.17 Bn
Market Size 
(2034)
Global Cosmetics Market
Cosmetics are beauty & personal care products used 
for skin cleansing and beautification purposes. Rising 
consciousness among individuals regarding personal 
appearance and well-being propels market growth.
The global cosmetics market size was valued at USD 
354.68 Bn in 2025. The market is projected to grow 
from USD 375.62 Bn in 2026 to USD 644.17 Bn by 2034, 
exhibiting a CAGR of 6.97% over the forecast period. Asia 
Pacific dominated the cosmetics market with a market 
share of 40.16% in 2025.
CAGR (2026–2034)
6.97%
Asia Pacific 
(40.16% share)
Leading Region
Skincare 
(35.13% share)
Top Category
Women 
(57.04% share)
Top Gender Segment
Regional Outlook
Asia Pacific – Market Leaders
USD 142.44 Bn
Market Size (2025)
40.16%
Global Share (2025)
USD 150.86 Bn
Projected Size (2026)
Major contributors to the 2025 Asia Pacific market: China (USD 44.05B), India (USD 27.5B), and Japan (USD 22.04B). The region 
has experienced significant economic growth, with numerous affluent consumers having the financial capacity to invest in luxury 
and premium cosmetics. The expanding middle-class population is increasingly adopting affordable cosmetics, driving regional 
growth.
GLOBAL COSMETICS MARKET — KEY FIGURES
https://www.fortunebusinessinsights.com/cosmetics-market-102614
72


--- page 76 ---
Rising Self-Care & 
Grooming Awareness
Growing focus on personal appearance, hygiene, and well-being across all age 
groups and genders driving sustained product demand
Organic & Sustainable 
Products
Eco-conscious consumers shifting toward vegan, cruelty-free, and naturally 
formulated cosmetics; U.K. organic beauty sales reached USD 182.94M in 2022
Influencer & Digital 
Marketing
Targeted engagement through industry exhibitions, trade publications, and email 
marketing campaigns is strengthening brand visibility and B2B customer reach.
E-Commerce 
Expansion
Online channels growing at CAGR 6.75%; convenience, variety, and competitive 
pricing drive adoption
Men’s Grooming 
Trend
Men’s segment growing at CAGR 6.99%; shifting beauty standards and increased 
emphasis on personal grooming fueling demand
AI-Powered 
Personalization
Hyper-personalized AI-driven beauty recommendations creating differentiation 
opportunities; 
Key Growth Drivers
Manorama Industries Limited
Annual Report 2025-26
Corporate OverviewStatutory ReportsFinancial Statements
73

--- page 77 ---
Indian Specialty Fats & Butters Market
The Indian specialty fats and butter industry continued to witness robust growth during 
2025–26, supported by increasing demand from the bakery, confectionery, dairy, infant 
nutrition and processed food sectors. Rising urbanization, changing consumption patterns, 
increasing disposable incomes and expansion of organized food processing continue to 
drive demand for value-added food ingredients across the country.
India remains one of the largest consumers of edible oils globally. According to the 
Indian Vegetable Oil Producers' Association (IVPA), India's annual edible oil consumption 
is estimated at approximately 24–25 Mn tonnes, supported by rising food processing 
activities and growing consumption of packaged and convenience foods.  (Source: https://
ivpa.in)
The specialty fats segment has emerged as a critical component of India's food ingredients 
industry due to increasing demand for cocoa butter equivalents (CBE), cocoa butter 
substitutes (CBS), cocoa butter replacers (CBR), filling fats, coating fats, bakery shortenings 
and customized confectionery fats. These products are extensively used in chocolates, 
compound coatings, biscuits, wafers, bakery products, spreads and dairy applications.
According to IMARC Group, the Indian specialty fats and oils market was valued at 
approximately USD 1.9 Bn in 2025 and is projected to reach USD 2.8 Bn by 2034, growing 
at a CAGR of approximately 4.29% during 2026–2034. The growth is being driven by 
increasing food processing activities, rising demand for premium food products and 
growing adoption of specialty ingredients by manufacturers.
(Source: HTTPS://WWW.IMARCGROUP .COM/INDIA-SPECIAL TY-FATS-OILS-MARKET)
USD 1.9 Bn
USD 2.8 Bn
Market Size in 
2025
Market Forecast 
in 2034
Market Growth Rate (2026–2034)4.29%
Rising health awareness Increasing demand for low trans-fat, non-hydrogenated, and plant-based 
alternatives; consumers seeking clean-label specialty fats
Food processing expansion Rapid growth of organised bakery, confectionery, and packaged food sectors 
driving ingredient demand
Cocoa butter alternatives Volatile cocoa prices pushing manufacturers toward CBE/CBS — reducing 
ingredient cost by 30–40% while maintaining quality
Government policy support October 2024: Indian government approved USD 1.2 Bn programme to boost 
domestic edible oil output from 12.7 MT to 25.45 MT by 2030–31
Technology & R&D Fat modification technologies (fractionation, interesterification, enzymatic 
processing) enabling customised fat profiles for specific applications
Outlook
The outlook for the specialty fats and butter industry remains encouraging, supported by growing demand from the confectionery, 
bakery, dairy and food processing sectors. Demand for cocoa butter equivalents, specialty butters and customized fat solutions is 
expected to remain strong, supported by growth in chocolate and bakery consumption. With its diversified specialty fats portfolio, 
expanding capacities and focus on innovation and sustainable sourcing, Manorama Industries Limited is well positioned to 
capitalize on the evolving opportunities in the industry.
Key Growth Drivers
74


--- page 78 ---
Indian Chocolate Market
The Indian chocolate market continued to witness strong growth during 2025–26, supported by rising disposable incomes, 
urbanization and changing consumer preferences. According to Expert Market Research (EMR), the India chocolate market was 
valued at approximately USD 1.80 Bn in 2024 and is projected to reach USD 2.99 Bn by 2034, growing at a CAGR of 5.20% during 
2025–2034.
(Source: HTTPS://WWW.MARKETRESEARCH.COM/EXPERT-MARKET-RESEARCH-V4220/INDIA-CHOCOLATE-FORECAST-41222989/)
Rising Disposable Incomes Increasing purchasing power is driving consumption of premium and 
branded chocolate products.
Premiumization Trend Growing consumer preference for premium, artisanal and dark chocolates is 
supporting value growth in the market.
Expanding Gifting Culture Chocolates are increasingly being used as gifting products during festivals, 
celebrations and special occasions.
Product Innovation Introduction of new flavours, healthier variants, low-sugar chocolates and 
premium offerings is attracting consumers.
Source: EXPERT MARKET RESEARCH (HTTPS://WWW.EXPERTMARKETRESEARCH.COM/REPORTS/INDIA-CHOCOLATE-MARKET)
Segmental Overview of the Indian Chocolate Market
Milk chocolate continues to dominate the Indian chocolate market due to its wider consumer acceptance and affordability, while 
dark chocolate is emerging as one of the fastest-growing segments driven by increasing health awareness and demand for 
premium products.
Largest segment owing to its 
affordability, widespread consumer 
acceptance and extensive product 
availability.
Milk Chocolate
Fast-growing segment driven by 
increasing health consciousness and 
demand for premium 
products.
Dark Chocolate
Niche but expanding segment 
supported by product innovation and 
premium confectionery 
applications.
White Chocolate
Outlook
The outlook for the Indian chocolate market remains positive, 
supported by rising premiumization trends, increasing chocolate 
consumption among younger consumers and growing demand 
from gifting and confectionery segments. The market is expected to 
benefit from continued product innovation, expansion of organized 
retail networks and increasing preference for premium, dark and 
functional chocolates. These trends are expected to drive sustained 
demand for cocoa butter equivalents (CBEs), cocoa butter substitutes 
(CBSs) and specialty fats used in chocolate manufacturing, creating 
long-term growth opportunities for specialty fats manufacturers.
Manorama Industries Limited
Annual Report 2025-26
Corporate OverviewStatutory ReportsFinancial Statements
75

--- page 79 ---
Indian HoReCa Market Overview
India's HoReCa sector entered 2025–26 as one of the fastest-growing institutional food and hospitality markets in Asia Pacific, 
buoyed by post-pandemic demand recovery, rapid urbanization, rising middle-class incomes, domestic tourism expansion, and 
the structural shift in Indian consumer behaviour toward eating outside the home. The sector is large, multi-layered, and measured 
differently across its three constituent pillars — hotels, restaurants/foodservice, and catering — each of which carries its own 
market sizing framework.
According to Market Research Future, the India HoReCa market was estimated at USD 250.22 Bn in 2024 and is projected to grow 
from USD 267.43 Bn in 2025 to USD 520 Bn by 2035, at a CAGR of 6.8%. This aggregate figure spans the full breadth of the sector. 
The foodservice sub-segment alone — covering restaurants, QSRs, cloud kitchens, cafés, and institutional catering — was valued 
at USD 85.19 Bn in 2025 by both Mordor Intelligence and Fortune Business Insights, with the latter projecting growth from USD 
126.43 Bn in 2026 to USD 282.04 Bn by 2034 at a CAGR of 10.55%. The hospitality (hotel accommodation) sub-segment was 
separately valued at USD 24.36 Bn in 2025 by Mordor Intelligence, forecast to reach USD 55.67 Bn by 2031 at a CAGR of 14.76%. 
Source: Market Research Future — India HoReCa Market — marketresearchfuture.com/reports/india-horeca-market-44467
Source: Mordor Intelligence — India Foodservice Market — mordorintelligence.com/industry-reports/india-foodservice-market
Source: Fortune Business Insights — India Foodservice Market — fortunebusinessinsights.com/india-foodservice-market-114008
Rising disposable 
incomes
Expanding middle class with greater discretionary spend on 
dining out, hotel stays, and premium F&B experiences. MRFR / Mordor Intelligence
Urbanization
600 Mn Indians projected in urban areas by 2036; nuclear families 
and dual-income households driving demand for convenient, 
out-of-home meals.
IMARC Group Foodservice
Premiumization
UHNW population growing 50.1% through 2028; luxury hotel 
demand growing at CAGR 11.31%; experiential dining and 
wellness-oriented stays
Mordor Intelligence — 
Luxury Hotel
Domestic tourism 
boom
Domestic tourist spending rising; Goa exceeded 10 Mn arrivals in 
2025; government programs (Swadesh Darshan 2.0, PRASHAD) 
expanding pilgrimage and leisure destinations.
Mordor Intelligence / 
MarkntelAdvisors
Driver Details Source Link
India's HoReCa sector is positioned for continued double-digit value growth through 2026–27. The hotel segment is expected 
to achieve occupancy levels of 72–74% by 2025-26, with premium hotel ARRs climbing to ` 8,000–8,400, as demand continues 
to outpace new supply (AxisRooms analysis, January, 2026). RevPAR is forecast in the ` 6,300–` 6,800 range for 2026. The 
foodservice market is expected to cross USD 93–126 Bn in 2026, driven by festive dining, continued QSR and café chain expansion, 
and rising delivery order volumes. Cloud kitchens will continue to multiply in tier-2 cities, supported by the growing reach of major 
food delivery platforms.
76


--- page 80 ---
Indian Confectionery Market
India's confectionery market is on a steady and sustained growth trajectory, 
underpinned by rising urbanization, growing middle-class incomes, and the deeply 
embedded cultural tradition of sweet consumption during festivals, weddings, 
and celebrations. According to IMARC Group's latest 2026 report, the market was 
valued at INR 398.71 Bn in 2025 and is projected to reach INR 618.10 Bn by 2034, 
growing at a compound annual growth rate (CAGR) of 4.99% during 2026–2034.
Source: https://www.imarcgroup.com/india-confectionery-market
The market spans a broad product spectrum — chocolate, hard-boiled sweets, 
mints, gums and jellies, caramels and toffees, medicated confectionery, and fine 
bakery wares. Chocolate is the dominant segment with a 36.5% share in 2025, 
driven by the strong gifting culture and the increasing preference for premium 
and branded confectionery among urban consumers. Economy-priced products 
account for 49.6% of the market, reflecting the price-sensitive nature of the mass 
consumer base, while the premium segment is growing fastest as aspirational 
spending rises.
INR 398.71 Bn
INR 618.10 Bn
Market Size 
(2025)
Market Forecast 
(2034)
CAGR (2026–2034)4.99%
Chocolate 
36.5% share (2025)
Leading Product Type
Adult 
45.0% share (2025)
Leading Age Group
Economy 
49.6% share (2025)
Leading Price Point
Source: IMARC Group — India Confectionery Market Size, Share, Trends and Forecast 2026–2034 — imarcgroup.com/india-confectionery-market
Premiumization & Artisanal
Health-Conscious Innovation
Digital & E-Commerce Growth
Tier-2 & Tier-3 City Expansion
Sustainability & Packaging
Consumers seeking unique flavour profiles; cardamom, jaggery, paan, masala chai, and 
chilli infused into premium cocoa; D2C startups and artisanal chocolatiers growing; 
premium chocolates replacing traditional mithai as gifting choice
Demand for sugar-free, low-calorie, and functional confectionery; natural sweeteners 
(stevia, jaggery); fortified products. 
E-commerce and quick-commerce reshaping distribution; influencer marketing and 
social media engagement driving brand discovery; strong online sales momentum 
especially during festive seasons
Modern retail reaching smaller cities; cold-chain infrastructure improvements enabling 
wider premium product distribution; rising aspirational spending
Brands introducing eco-friendly and recyclable packaging in response to growing 
consumer environmental awareness
Driver Description
INDIA CONFECTIONERY MARKET — KEY FIGURES 2025–2026
Key Trends 2025–2026
Manorama Industries Limited
Annual Report 2025-26
Corporate OverviewStatutory ReportsFinancial Statements
77

--- page 81 ---
Outlook
The India confectionery market outlook remains positive through 2034. Ongoing urbanization, rising disposable incomes, and 
evolving consumer tastes toward premium and health-conscious products will sustain market expansion. Flavour innovation, 
sustainable packaging, cold-chain infrastructure investment, and the continued expansion of both modern retail and e-commerce 
platforms into tier-2 and tier-3 cities are the key drivers that will accelerate growth. The gifting segment will remain a structural 
anchor with festivals, corporate events, and weddings ensuring recurring demand spikes. Sugar-free and functional confectionery 
will emerge as a mainstream sub-category as health awareness intensifies across urban demographics.
Source: IMARC Group — India Confectionery Market Report 2026–2034 — imarcgroup.com/india-confectionery-market
Indian Cosmetics Market
India's cosmetics market is one of the fastest-growing beauty markets in Asia, driven by rising disposable incomes, rapid 
urbanization, growing awareness of personal grooming, and the deepening influence of social media on consumer behaviour. 
According to Fortune Business Insights (last updated April 06, 2026), the India cosmetics market was valued at USD 23.86 Bn in 
2024. It is projected to grow from USD 25.57 Bn in 2025 to USD 44.63 Bn by 2032, exhibiting a CAGR of 8.28% during the forecast 
period 2025–2032. This trajectory represents near-doubling of market value within eight years, reflecting both the structural 
expansion of the Indian consumer economy and the rapid democratization of beauty and personal care products across income 
segments and geographies.
The India cosmetics market is segmented by category into Skincare, Haircare, Makeup, and Others. Skincare dominates with a 
32.39% share in 2024, while Haircare is the fastest-growing segment over the forecast period.
Rising personal 
grooming awareness
Urbanization, rising disposable income, social media influence (Instagram, 
YouTube), and self-care culture driving grooming as aspirational and accessible. 
Digital content in regional languages widening reach to Tier II and III cities.
Natural, Herbal & 
Ayurvedic preference
Clean beauty shift toward plant-based, chemical-free formulations. Government 
promotion via Ministry of AYUSH (‘Ayurveda Aahar’, ‘Ayushman Bharat’). CDSCO 
guidelines for Ayurvedic/herbal products building consumer confidence.
Rising disposable 
incomes
Per capita disposable income projected to double from USD 2.11K (2019) to 
USD 4.34K by 2029 (IBEF), enabling higher cosmetics spending across income 
brackets.
Urbanization World Bank projects India urbanization to reach 40% of population by 2036, 
significantly expanding the modern-retail-accessible consumer base.
Men’s grooming 
expansion
Changing societal norms; social media and celebrity culture normalising male 
beauty routines; increasing spending on skincare, hair styling, and beard care.
E-commerce & digital 
commerce
Online channel CAGR 10.25% — fastest distribution segment; widespread 
smartphone adoption; convenience of home delivery; D2C brand proliferation.
Driver Details
Key Growth Drivers
78


--- page 82 ---
Outlook
The India cosmetics market is on a high-conviction growth trajectory through 2032. This growth is structurally supported 
by India's favourable demographics, a young and digitally connected population, rising per capita incomes, and deepening 
retail and e-commerce infrastructure.
Skincare will maintain category leadership, supported by the mainstreaming of multi-step skincare routines and rising 
concern for sun protection and anti-pollution skincare. Haircare will post the highest category CAGR as hair health 
concerns and premiumization converge. The online channel, growing at 10.25% CAGR, will progressively close the gap with 
hypermarket/supermarket share as smartphone penetration reaches full saturation in urban India and continues to deepen 
in semi-urban and rural areas. Men's grooming will represent the most significant new consumer segment, growing from a 
low base with strong upside.
Natural, herbal, and Ayurvedic cosmetics will be among the fastest-growing product types as regulatory clarity improves, 
government promotion intensifies, and consumer trust in clean-label beauty deepens. Counterfeiting remains the most 
significant structural risk, and brands investing in anti-counterfeiting technologies and authenticated digital sales channels 
will be best positioned to protect margin and consumer loyalty.
Source: Fortune Business Insights — India Cosmetics Market (Apr 2026) fortunebusinessinsights.com/india-cosmetics-market-114186
Manorama Industries Limited
Annual Report 2025-26
Corporate OverviewStatutory ReportsFinancial Statements
79

--- page 83 ---
COMPANY OVERVIEW
Manorama Industries Limited (referred to as ‘The Company’ 
or ‘MIL’) is a leading global manufacturer of Cocoa Butter 
Equivalents (CBEs), specialty fats, specialty butters and 
valueadded plant-based ingredients derived from sustainably 
sourced tree-borne oilseeds. Since its inception in 2005, the 
Company has pioneered the transformation of underutilised 
forest resources such as Sal, Shea, Mango, Kokum, Mowrah 
and other exotic seeds into premium ingredients catering to 
the chocolate, confectionery, bakery, dairy, HoReCa, cosmetics 
and personal care industries. 
Over the years, MIL has established a differentiated position 
in the global specialty fats and butters market through its 
integrated business model, encompassing ethical sourcing, 
advanced processing, product innovation and value-added 
solution development. Supported by a DSIR-recognised 
R&D centre and strong application development capabilities, 
the Company delivers customised, sustainable and 
highperformance solutions to leading global brands across 
food and personal care segments. 
Guided by its philosophy of ‘Waste to Wealth’, ‘Poorest 
to Richest’ and ‘Forest to Premium Brands’, MIL remains 
committed to creating sustainable value through responsible 
sourcing, innovation, environmental stewardship and inclusive 
community development. By transforming forest-based 
resources into globally sought-after specialty ingredients, the 
Company continues to strengthen its position as a trusted 
partner to leading multinational food, confectionery and 
personal care companies worldwide.
Global Footprint
MIL has established a strong international presence across 
key sourcing and consumption markets, serving customers 
across North America, Europe, Latin America, the Middle 
East, Africa and Asia-Pacific. Its diversified global customer 
base includes leading multinational players in the chocolate, 
confectionery, bakery, food and personal care industries, 
reflecting the Company's growing reputation for quality, 
innovation and sustainability.
To strengthen supply-chain resilience and secure access to 
critical raw materials, the Company has developed a strategic 
international network spanning key sourcing hubs and growth 
markets. Its subsidiaries and operations across West Africa, 
the United Arab Emirates and Brazil enable closer engagement 
with customers, efficient procurement of exotic oilseeds and 
enhanced responsiveness to evolving market requirements.
The Company's expanding global footprint, supported by 
robust sourcing capabilities, internationally recognised 
certifications and long-standing customer relationships, has 
positioned MIL as a globally integrated specialty fats and 
butters enterprise. As it continues to broaden its market reach 
and deepen partnerships worldwide, MIL remains focused on 
advancing its vision of becoming the preferred global partner 
for sustainable specialty fats, specialty butters and cocoa 
butter alternatives.
Manufacturing Excellence
Manorama Industries operates a fully integrated manufacturing 
facility at Birkoni, Chhattisgarh, enabling seamless processing 
across the specialty fats and butters value chain. The facility 
comprises the following capacities: 
Seed Milling: 90,000 MTPA
Fractionation-1: 15,000 MTPA
Fractionation-2: 25,000 MTPA (Fiscal 2025 & Fiscal 2026; 
increased to 32,500 MTPA after the end of Fiscal 2026 through 
debottlenecking)
Refinery-1: 15,000 MTPA Refinery-2 & Interesterification: 
30,000 MTPA Solvent Extraction Process: 90,000 MTPA 
Packing: 30,000 MTPA (15,000 MTPA in Fiscal 2024 & Fiscal 
2025; expanded to 30,000 MTPA in Fiscal 2026).
During 2025–26, the Company further strengthened its 
manufacturing capabilities through debottlenecking initiatives. 
The capacity of Fractionation-2 was increased from 25,000 
MTPA to 32,500 MTPA to meet growing demand for specialty 
fats and butters. Similar enhancement initiatives are planned 
for Solvent Fractionation Plant- I, reinforcing the Company’s 
commitment to scalable growth and operational excellence. 
The manufacturing ecosystem is supported by a DSIR-
recognised R&D centre that drives product innovation and 
application development across food, confectionery, bakery, 
dairy and personal care segments. Backed by globally 
recognised certifications, including FSSC 22000, ISO, RSPO, 
Halal, Kosher, Fair Trade and Fair for Life, MIL continues 
to uphold the highest standards of quality, food safety, 
sustainability and regulatory compliance.
80


--- page 84 ---
Opportunities
Rising Adoption of Cocoa Butter Equivalents (CBEs)
Increasing cocoa prices, supply constraints and climate-related challenges in cocoa-producing regions are 
driving global manufacturers towards cost-effective and sustainable cocoa butter alternatives. As a leading 
producer of CBEs, MIL is well-positioned to capitalise on this structural shift in the confectionery industry.
Expanding Global Specialty Fats Market
Growing demand for specialty fats and butters across chocolate, bakery, dairy and personal care applications 
presents significant growth opportunities. Increasing preference for customised, high-performance ingredients 
is expected to drive higher adoption of MIL’s diversified product portfolio.
Untapped Raw Material Potential
A substantial portion of Sal seeds in India and Shea nuts in Africa remains unprocessed, providing a significant 
opportunity to expand sourcing volumes. MIL’s established procurement network and growing presence 
across West Africa position it favourably to secure long-term raw material availability and strengthen supply-
chain resilience.
Growing Demand for Sustainable Ingredients
Global brands are increasingly prioritising traceable, ethically sourced and environmentally responsible 
ingredients. MIL’s forest-based sourcing model, sustainability certifications and commitment to responsible 
procurement provide a competitive advantage in addressing evolving customer requirements.
Product Innovation and Value Addition
The growing demand for specialised formulations in chocolates, fillings, spreads, bakery products and personal 
care applications creates opportunities for higher-margin value-added products. The Company’s DSIR-
recognised R&D capabilities enable it to develop customised solutions and strengthen customer partnerships.
Favourable Industry Dynamics
The increasing use of specialty fats in food and non-food applications, coupled with evolving consumer 
preferences for premium and plant-based products, continues to expand the addressable market. Regulatory 
acceptance of CBEs and growing awareness of sustainable alternatives further strengthen the industry’s 
growth prospects.
Manorama Industries Limited
Annual Report 2025-26
Corporate OverviewStatutory ReportsFinancial Statements
81

--- page 85 ---
Particulars Numerator Denominator As of March 
31, 2026
As of March 
31, 2025
% Variance Explanation for 
Change (>25%)
Current Ratio Current Assets Current Liabilities 2.00 1.67 19.83
Debt-Equity Ratio Total Debt including 
Lease Liabilities
Total Shareholders’ 
Equity
0.51 1.04 -50.86 The ratio decreased 
mainly on account 
of decrease in 
borrowings as 
compared to 
previous year.
Debt Service Coverage Ratio Net Profit After 
Tax + Depreciation 
& Amortization + 
Interest on Lease 
/ Profit on Sale of 
PPE etc.
Interest + Principal 
Repayments
6.50 3.43 89.42 The ratio increased 
mainly on account 
of increase in 
profitability as 
compared to 
previous year.
Return on Equity Ratio Net Profit After 
Taxes
Average 
Shareholders’ 
Equity
40.32% 28.05% 43.75 The ratio increased 
mainly on account 
of increase in 
profitability as 
compared to 
previous year.
Inventory Turnover Ratio Sales Average Inventory 6.58 5.25 25.45 The ratio increased 
because of 
substantial 
increase in turnover 
during the year
Trade Receivables Turnover 
Ratio
Net Credit Sales Average Trade 
Receivables
17.13 10.69 60.25 The ratio Increased 
due to substantial 
increase in turnover 
during the year 
and decrease in 
trade receivable 
as compared to 
previous year.
Trade Payables Turnover Ratio Net Credit 
Purchases
Average Trade 
Payables
19.33 20.71 -6.66
Net Capital Turnover Ratio Net Sales Working Capital 2.92 2.41 21.15
Net Profit Ratio Net Profit Net Sales 17.18% 14.54% 18.17
Return on Capital Employed 
(ROCE)
Earnings Before 
Interest and Taxes
Tangible Net 
Worth + Total Debt 
+ Deferred Tax 
Liabilities
33.60% 19.81% 69.60 The ratio increased 
mainly on account 
of increase in 
profitability as 
compared to 
previous year.
Financial Overview
Manorama Industries delivered a strong financial performance during 2025–26, driven by robust demand across global markets, 
an improved product mix and continued focus on operational excellence. Revenue from operations increased by 76.1% year-on-
year to `1,357.7 Crore, compared to `770.8 Crore in 2024–25, reflecting sustained growth across key specialty fats and butter 
categories.
The Company’s EBITDA grew by 92.5% to `367.7 Crore in 2025–26 from `191.1 Crore in the previous year, supported by higher 
scale efficiencies, increased contribution from value-added products and disciplined cost optimization initiatives. Consequently, 
EBITDA margin improved to 27.1% compared to 24.8% in 2024–25.
Profit After Tax (PAT) more than doubled to `233.2 Crore in 2025–26 from `112.1 Crore in 2024–25, registering a growth of 108.1% 
year-on-year. PAT margin also strengthened to 17.2% from 14.5% in the previous financial year, reflecting the Company’s strong 
operating leverage and improving profitability profile.
82


--- page 86 ---
Risks and Concerns Mitigations
MIL's sourcing model relies significantly 
on forest-based raw materials procured 
through tribal and rural communities. 
Environmental degradation, climate 
variability, biodiversity loss or adverse 
social developments could affect raw 
material availability and stakeholder 
relationships.
Changes in food safety regulations, 
sustainability standards, import-export 
policies, environmental norms or 
international certification requirements 
could increase compliance costs and 
impact market access.
Changing consumer preferences, 
including demand for healthier, 
sustainable and traceable ingredients, 
may alter product demand patterns and 
customer requirements.
Geopolitical tensions, climate events, 
logistics bottlenecks, transportation 
constraints or disruptions in sourcing 
regions could impact raw material 
availability and increase procurement 
costs.
Strengthen sustainable sourcing practices, 
promote afforestation and biodiversity 
conservation initiatives, enhance community 
engagement programmes and maintain 
long-term partnerships with tribal collectors 
through livelihood development and fair-
trade practices.
Maintain robust compliance frameworks, 
monitor regulatory developments across 
geographies, obtain and renew global 
certifications, and strengthen internal 
controls to ensure adherence to evolving 
legal and regulatory requirements.
Invest in R&D and product innovation, 
develop customised specialty fats and 
butters, strengthen sustainability credentials 
and continuously align product offerings 
with evolving consumer and industry trends.
Diversify sourcing geographies, strengthen 
supplier relationships, maintain strategic 
inventory levels, expand international 
sourcing operations and leverage integrated 
supply-chain capabilities to ensure business 
continuity.
Environmental and Social 
Risks in Tribal Areas
Regulatory and 
Compliance Risks
Shifts in Consumer 
Behaviour
Supply Chain 
Disruptions
Disclosure of Accounting Treatment:
Where in the preparation of financial statements, a treatment different from that prescribed in an Accounting Standard 
has been followed, the fact shall be disclosed in the financial statements, together with the management’s explanation 
as to why it believes such alternative treatment is more representative of the true and fair view of the underlying  
business transaction.
Manorama Industries Limited
Annual Report 2025-26
Corporate OverviewStatutory ReportsFinancial Statements
83

--- page 87 ---
A significant portion of revenue is derived 
from exports, exposing the Company to 
currency fluctuations that may impact 
profitability and cash flows.
Increasing digitalization and technology 
adoption expose the Company to cyber 
threats, data breaches, operational 
disruptions and reputational risks.
Intensifying competition from global and 
regional specialty fats manufacturers 
may exert pressure on pricing, margins 
and market share.
Follow a prudent forex risk management 
framework through forward contracts and 
natural hedging mechanisms, regularly 
monitor currency exposures and maintain a 
diversified geographic revenue mix.
Implement robust cybersecurity 
infrastructure, conduct regular security 
audits and vulnerability assessments, 
strengthen data protection protocols, and 
enhance employee awareness through 
continuous training programmes.
Focus on innovation, product differentiation, 
customer-centric solutions and quality 
excellence, while leveraging integrated 
sourcing capabilities, sustainability 
credentials and long-term customer 
relationships to maintain competitive 
advantage.
Foreign Exchange 
(Forex) Risk
Cybersecurity Risks
Competition and Market 
Saturation
Outlook
Manorama Industries remains well-positioned to capitalise on the 
growing demand for specialty fats, specialty butters and cocoa 
butter alternatives. The Company continues to focus on increasing 
the share of value-added products, strengthening global customer 
partnerships and enhancing operational capabilities. Supported by 
strategic capacity expansion, forward and backward integration 
initiatives and a robust sourcing network, MIL is confident of 
sustaining its growth momentum and creating long-term value for 
stakeholders.
84


--- page 88 ---
Internal Financial Control System
Manorama Industries Limited maintains a robust internal 
financial control framework designed to ensure the integrity 
of financial reporting, operational efficiency and regulatory 
compliance. The framework is aligned with the scale and 
complexity of the Company's operations and is supported 
by well-defined policies, procedures and standard operating 
protocols.
The effectiveness of internal controls is periodically evaluated 
through independent internal audits, with observations 
reviewed by the management and corrective actions 
implemented wherever necessary. The Audit Committee 
regularly reviews audit findings and oversees the adequacy 
and effectiveness of the internal control environment, ensuring 
strong governance and accountability across the organization.
Human Resources and Industrial Relations
Manorama Industries recognises its people as a key driver of 
sustainable growth and operational excellence. The Company 
continues to foster a collaborative, inclusive and performance-
oriented work culture while maintaining strong engagement 
with tribal and rural communities that form an integral part of 
its sourcing ecosystem.
The Company's sourcing network is supported by an extensive 
base of tribal collectors and collection centres across India 
and West Africa, creating a resilient supply chain and a 
strong competitive advantage. Through responsible sourcing 
practices and community-focused initiatives, the Company 
contributes to livelihood generation and socio-economic 
development in these regions.
As of March 31, 2026, the Company employed 523 personnel. 
Employee benefit expenses stood at `61.3 crores during 
2025–26. The Company remains committed to employee 
development, workplace safety, capability enhancement and 
fostering a culture of transparency, trust and mutual respect.
Cautionary Statement
This Management Discussion and Analysis contains certain 
forward-looking statements concerning the Company’s 
business outlook, growth prospects, strategic initiatives 
and future performance. These statements are based on 
assumptions, expectations and projections regarding the 
economic, regulatory and operating environment in which the 
Company operates.
Actual results may differ materially from those expressed 
or implied due to various factors, including changes in 
economic conditions, geopolitical developments, fluctuations 
in commodity prices and foreign exchange rates, regulatory 
changes, competitive pressures and other risks and 
uncertainties beyond the Company's control. The Company 
undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any 
forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new 
information, future events or otherwise. Information contained 
herein is based on sources believed to be reliable; however, its 
accuracy and completeness cannot be guaranteed.
Manorama Industries Limited
Annual Report 2025-26
Corporate OverviewStatutory ReportsFinancial Statements
85

--- page 89 ---
DIRECTOR’S REPORT
Dear Members,
Your Board of Directors are pleased to present the 21st Annual Report of the Manorama Industries Limited (“the Company”/ 
“Manorama”) on the business and operations together with Audited Financial Statements prepared in compliance with Ind AS for 
the Financial Year ended March 31, 2026 and other accompanying reports, notes and certificates.
1) ST ATE OF COMPANY’S AFFAIRS AND BUSINESS OVERVIEW:
 a. Financial Performance: 
 The  table below depicts the financial performance (standalone and consolidated) of your Company for the financial year 
ended March 31, 2026 as compared to the previous financial year:
  (S in Lakhs)
Standalone Consolidated Standalone Consolidated
Particulars For the year ended 31-03-2026 For the year ended 31-03-2025
Total income 1,36,905.25 1,37,709.21 78,940.53 79,184.61
Total Expenditure 1,05,309.35 1,06,893.02 64,107.66 64,576.21
Profit / (Loss): before exceptional items & Tax 31,595.90 30,816.19 14,832.87 14,608.40
Less: Exceptional items - - - -
Profit / (Loss): before Tax 31,595.90 30,816.19 14,832.87 14,608.40
Less: Provision for Tax including Deferred tax 8,273.93 8,324.39 3,627.86 3,629.45
Profit / (Loss): after Tax 23,321.97 22,491.80 11,205.01 10,978.95
Earnings per equity share (Face Value of C 2/-) 
(a) Basic (in C) 39.06 37.67 18.80 18.42
(b) Diluted (in C) 39.05 37.66 18.73 18.35
 Note: Previous year’s figures have been regrouped/reclassified wherever necessary to correspond with the current year’s 
classification/disclosure
 b. Highlights of the Company’s Financial Performance for the year ended March 31, 2026.
  Standalone
 The  Company has reported total revenue of C 1,36,905.25 lakh for the current year as compared to C 78,940.53 lakh 
in the previous year. The earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization (‘EBITDA’) for the year without 
considering other income is C 36,771.01 lakh as compared to C 19,105.35 lakh for the previous year. The Profit after 
tax for the year under review amounted to C 23,321.97 lakh in the current year as compared to C 11,205.01 lakh in the 
previous year.
  Consolidated
The Company has reported total revenue of C 1,37,709.21 lakh during the year as compared to C 79,184.61 lakh in the 
previous year. The earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization (‘EBITDA’) for the year is C 36,133.26 
lakh as compared to C 18,640.11 lakh in the previous year. The Profit after tax for the year under review amounted to C 
22,491.80 lakh as compared to C 10,978.95 lakh in the previous year.
The Audited Financial Statements for the Financial Year ended March 31, 2026, forming part of this Annual Report, 
have been prepared in accordance with the Indian Accounting Standard (hereinafter referred to as “Ind AS”) prescribed 
under Section 133 of the Companies Act, 2013 (The ‘Act’) and other recognized accounting practices and policies to the 
extent applicable. Necessary disclosures with regard to Ind-AS reporting have been made under the Notes to Financial 
Statements. More details on the financial statements of the Company along with various financial ratios are available in 
the Management Discussion & Analysis Report (‘MDAR’) forming part of this Annual Report.
2) DIVIDEND & APPROPRI ATIONS:
The Board of Directors is pleased to recommend a Final Dividend of 40% i.e., C 0.80 (Indian Rupees Eighty Paisa only) per 
equity share of face value C 2/- (Indian Rupees Two only) each, for the financial year ended March 31, 2026. The dividend is 
proposed to be paid on 6,31,22,390 (Six Crores Thirty-One Lakhs Twenty-Two Thousand Three Hundred Ninety) fully paid-up 
86

--- page 90 ---
equity shares of the Company. 
This includes an increase of 34,01,360 (Thirty Four Lakhs 
One Thousand Three Hundred Sixty) equity shares arising 
from allotment under Qualified Institutional Placement 
in accordance with the provisions of the Securities and 
Exchange Board of India (Issue of Capital and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2018 on July 02, 2026 and 
12,500 (Twelve Thousand Five Hundred) equity shares 
arising from allotment under the Employee Stock Option 
Plan (ESOP) on July 03, 2026 (equity share capital on year 
end date i.e. March 31, 2026 was 5,97,08,530 equity shares). 
The total dividend outgo aggregates to C 504.98 lakhs, 
subject to approval of the shareholders at the ensuing 
Annual General Meeting payable to those shareholders 
whose name appear in the Register of Members on the 
Book Closure/Record Date. This amount may be subject 
to change in the event of any further allotment of shares, 
prior to the Record Date.
The Board of Directors of the Company had approved 
the Dividend Distribution Policy in line with Regulation 
43A of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (hereinafter referred 
to as “SEBI Listing Regulations”) taking into account the 
parameters prescribed in the said Regulations. The Policy 
is also available on the website of the Company at https://
manoramagroup.co.in/investors-policies.
The proposed dividend payout for the financial year under 
review, if approved by the members of the Company, shall 
be in accordance with the applicable law and Company’s 
Dividend Distribution Policy.
3) RESERVES:
Your Directors have made the following appropriations 
out of the standalone and consolidated profits of the 
Company:
  (C in Lakh)
Particulars Standalone  Consolidated
Balance as at the 
beginning of the year
27,784.37 27,558.32
Add: Net Profit for the year 23,321.97 22,491.80
Add: Other Comprehensive 
Income for the year
(177.56) (177.56)
Less: Final Dividend paid (357.68) (357.68)
Net surplus in the 
statement of profit & loss
50,571.09 49,514.87
Other than the above-mentioned amount, your Company 
has not proposed to transfer any amount to General 
Reserves for the year ended March 31, 2026.
4) N ATURE OF BUSINESS:
 During the year under review, there were no changes in 
nature of the business of your Company.
5) M ATERIAL CHANGES AND COMMITMENTS, IF ANY, 
AFFECTING THE FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE 
COMPANY WHICH HAVE OCCURRED BETWEEN THE END 
OF THE FINANCIAL YEAR OF THE COMPANY TO WHICH 
THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS RELATE AND THE DATE 
OF THE REPORT :
A. The  members through postal ballot on April 19, 
2026, have approved raising of funds through 
qualified institutions placement or through any other 
permissible modes by issuance of securities for an 
aggregate amount of up to INR 500 crore (Indian 
Rupees Five Hundred Crore Only) in one or more 
tranches and/or by way of one or more issuances.
B. The  Board of Directors of the Company in its meeting 
held on May 11, 2026, approved proposal to support 
the setting up of a processing factory in Burkina Faso 
through its wholly owned subsidiary, Taang Kaam 
Industries SA, by way of any one or more of the 
proposed financial assistance arrangements: 
i. Incr ease in Share Capital / Equity Investment in 
Taang Kaam Industries SA up to an aggregate 
amount of C 150 Crore (Rupees One Hundred 
Fifty Crore only); and/or 
ii. Unsecur ed Loan(s) to Taang Kaam Industries 
SA up to an aggregate amount of C 100 Crore 
(Rupees One Hundred Crore only); and/or 
iii. Corporate Guarantee(s), Bank Guarantee(s) 
and/or Standby Letter(s) of Credit (SBLC) on 
behalf of Taang Kaam Industries SA up to an 
aggregate amount of C 100 Crore (Rupees One 
Hundred Crore only). 
C. The  Company allotted 34,01,360 (Thirty-Four 
Lakhs One Thousand Three Hundred Sixty) equity 
shares through Qualified Institutional Placement 
in accordance with the provisions of the Securities 
and Exchange Board of India (Issue of Capital and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2018 on 
July 02, 2026 and raised C 49,999.99 Lakhs ( Indian 
Rupees Four Hundred Ninety Nine Crores Ninety Nine 
Lakhs Ninety Nine Thousand and Two Hundred Only)
D. The  Company allotted 12,500 (Twelve Thousand Five 
Hundred) equity shares under the Employee Stock 
Option Plan (ESOP) on July 03, 2026. 
E. The  Company has approved in its Board meeting 
dated July 09, 2026, the Incorporation of Wholly 
Owned Subsidiary Company in the country of 
“Republic of Chad” with the initial subscribed capital 
of CFA 1,00,00,000 (CFA One Crore Only) and on July 
20, 2026 the wholly owned Subsidiary company 
incorporated with the name of Manorama Savannah 
Agro Chad SARL.
Manorama Industries Limited
Annual Report 2025-26
Corporate OverviewStatutory ReportsFinancial Statements
87

--- page 91 ---
F. During the period between the end of the financial year 
and the date of this Report, the Company voluntarily 
deposited C20.64 crore towards differential customs 
duty, IGST, interest and penalty in connection with an 
inquiry initiated by the Customs Authorities regarding 
certain imports under the India–UAE CEPA. The 
Company has initiated recovery action against the 
overseas supplier.
6) SH ARE CAPITAL STRUCTURE AND CHANGES THEREIN:
Particulars as on March 31, 2026 Amount in Rupees
Authorised Capital
15,00,00,000 Equity Shares of  
C 2/- each
30,00,00,000.00
Total 30,00,00,000.00
Issued, Subscribed and Paid Up 
Share Capital 
5,97,08,530 Equity Shares of  
C 2/- each
11,94,17,060.00
Total 11,94,17,060.00
The above details not include the 34,01,360 (Thirty-
Four Lakhs One Thousand Three Hundred Sixty) equity 
shares arising from allotment under Qualified Institutional 
Placement in accordance with the provisions of the 
Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue of Capital 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2018 on July 
02, 2026 and 12,500 (Twelve Thousand Five Hundred) 
equity shares arising from allotment under the Employee 
Stock Option Plan (ESOP) on July 03, 2026
During the year under review, there is no change in the 
paid-up share capital of the Company except the above 
34,13,860 equity shares allotted after the year end date i.e. 
March 31, 2026.
7) SUBSIDI ARY COMPANIES, ASSOCIATES & JOINT 
VENTURES:
Pursuant to Section 129(3) of the Companies Act, 2013, 
read with Rule 5 of the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014 
a statement containing the salient features of the Financial 
Statement of the subsidiary companies is provided as 
“Annexure l” in Form AOC-1 and forms part of this Report.
During the year under review, a new Wholly Owned 
Subsidiary (‘WOS’) of the Company has been incorporated 
on January 16, 2026 in Burkina Faso with the name 
“TAANG KAAM INDUSTRIES SA”.
There are no associates or joint venture companies within 
the meaning of Section 2(6) of the Companies Act, 2013 
(“the Act”).
Pursuant to Regulation 16(1)(c) of the SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015, MANORAMA SAVANNA GHANA LIMITED was 
classified as a Material Subsidiary of the Company during 
the financial year under review. The Board of Directors 
acknowledged and took on record the said status in 
compliance with the applicable provisions.
Further, pursuant to the provisions of Section 136 of the 
Act, the financial statements of the Company, consolidated 
financial statements along with relevant documents 
and separate audited financial statements in respect of 
subsidiaries, are available on the Company’s website at 
https://manoramagroup.co.in/investors-financial. 
8) P ARTICULARS OF CONTRACTS OR ARRANGEMENTS 
WITH RELATED PARTY:
 All Related Party Transactions (“RPT”) that were entered 
during the financial year under review were on an arm’s 
length basis and in the ordinary course of business 
and are in compliance with the applicable provisions of 
the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”) and SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulation, 
2015 (“SEBI Listing Regulations”), details of which are set 
out in the Notes to Financial Statements forming part of 
this Annual Report.  
 F urther, the Company has entered into contracts/ 
arrangements/transactions with related parties which are 
material in nature in accordance with the Act, SEBI Listing 
Regulations and RPT Policy of the Company. The company 
has not entered into any transaction which has any potential 
conflict with the interest of the company at large.
 All Related Party Transactions are placed before the Audit 
Committee for prior approval. Prior omnibus approval 
of the Audit Committee is obtained for the transactions 
which are repetitive in nature or when the need for them 
cannot be foreseen in advance.
 In line with the requirements of the Act and the SEBI 
Listing Regulations, the Company has also formulated a 
Policy on dealing with Related Party Transactions (‘RPTs’) 
and the same is available on the website of the Company 
at https://manoramagroup.co.in/investors-policies. 
 Det ails of transactions with related parties as required 
under Section 134(3)(h) of the Act read with Rule 8(2) of 
the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014 are provided in 
‘Annexure lI’ in Form AOC-2 and forms part of this Report. 
9) CONSERVATION OF ENERGY, TECHNOLOGY ABSORPTION 
AND FOREIGN EXCHANGE EARNINGS AND OUTGO:
The information on conservation of energy, technology 
absorption and foreign exchange earnings and outgo 
stipulated under Section 134(3)(m) of the Companies Act, 
2013 read with Rule 8 of the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 
2014, is annexed herewith as ‘Annexure – III’ and forms 
part of this Report.
88

--- page 92 ---
10) EXTRA CT OF ANNUAL RETURN:
In terms of Section 92(3) and 134(3) of the Act read with Rule 12 of the Companies (Management and Administration) Rules, 
2014, the Annual Return of the Company for the Financial Year Ended March 31, 2026 is available on the website of the 
Company at the https://manoramagroup.co.in/investors-annual-report.
11) BO ARD OF DIRECTORS:
The Board of the Company is comprised of eminent persons with proven competence and integrity. Besides the experience, 
strong financial acumen, strategic astuteness and leadership qualities, they have a significant degree of commitment towards 
the Company and devote adequate time to the meetings and preparation. The Directors on the Board have a proven track 
record in the field of finance, taxation, accounting and management. The Directors of the Company have been appointed 
keeping in mind the Company’s size, complexity and business.
In the opinion of the Board, all the directors, as well as the directors re-appointed during the year possess the requisite 
qualifications, experience and expertise and hold high standards of integrity.
During the year under review, the Board comprised of the below mentioned Ten (10) Directors:
Sr. 
No.
Name Designation Effective Date of appointment/ Reappointment Date of 
cessation
1 Mr. Ashish Ramesh 
Saraf
Chairman and 
Managing 
Director
 October 23, 2024 appointed as Chairman and Executive 
Director in the category of Whole Time Director.
 October 23, 2024 change in designation and appointed as 
Chairman and Managing Director of the Company.
-
2 Mrs. Vinita Ashish 
Saraf
Vice 
Chairperson 
and Whole Time 
Director
 Mar ch 25, 2006 appointed as Executive Director.
 April 01, 2017  appointed as Managing Director.
 April 01, 2022 , re-appointed as Managing Director.
 No vember 12, 2022, re-designated as Non-Executive  
Non-Independent Director.
 July 30, 2024 , Change in Designation from Chairperson  
& Non-Executive Non-Independent Director to Chairperson 
& Executive Director in the category of Whole Time Director.
 Re-designate d from the Chairperson & Executive Director of 
the Company to the Vice Chairperson & Executive Director 
of the Company with effect from October 23, 2024.
-
3 Mr. Gautam Kumar 
Pal
Whole Time 
Director
 Januar y 10, 2018 appointed as Executive Director
 Mar ch 22, 2022 appointed as Whole Time Director.
 No vember 12, 2022 appointed as Managing Director.
 October 23, 2024, Change in Designation from Managing 
Director to Executive Director in the category of Whole Time 
Director.
-
4 Mr. Shrey Ashish 
Saraf
Whole Time 
Director
 A ugust 19, 2019 appointed as Executive Director.
 April 22, 2022  appointed as Whole Time Director.
-
5 Mr. Ashok Jain Whole Time 
Director
 No vember 15, 2022 appointed as Whole-time Director
 No vember 15, 2025 – Reappointed as Whole-time Director 
for a period of three (3) years.
-
6 Mr. Jose Vailappallil 
Joseph
Independent 
Director
 A ugust 19, 2019, appointed as an Independent Director
 A ugust 19, 2024, Re-appointed as an Independent Director 
of Company.
-
7 Mr. Nipun Sumanlal 
Mehta
Independent 
Director
 Mar ch 05, 2021 appointed as an Independent Director
 Mar ch 05, 2026 – Re-appointed as an Independent Director 
of the Company.
-
Manorama Industries Limited
Annual Report 2025-26
Corporate OverviewStatutory ReportsFinancial Statements
89

--- page 93 ---
Sr. 
No.
Name Designation Effective Date of appointment/ Reappointment Date of 
cessation
8 Mr. Mudit Kumar 
Singh
Independent 
Director
 S eptember 06, 2021 appointed as an Independent Director -
9 Ms. Veni Mocherla Independent 
Director
 December 22 , 2021 appointed as an Independent Director
 December 22, 2023 reappointed as an Independent Director
-
10 Ms. Subhaprada 
Nishtala
Independent 
Director
 April 26, 2025, appointed as an Additional Independent 
Director.
 June 11, 2025, regularized as Independent Director in the 
category of Non-Executive Independent Director.
APPOINTMENTS, RE-DESIGNATION AND RESIGNATION 
DURING THE YEAR:
Ms. Subhaprada Nishtala (DIN: 08124635)
The Board of Directors had appointed Ms. Subhaprada Nishtala 
(DIN: 08124635) as an Additional Director in the category of 
Non-Executive Independent Director in their meeting held on 
April 26, 2025 for the first term of five (5) consecutive years 
commencing from April 26, 2025 to April 25, 2030 (both 
days inclusive). The same was approved by the members of 
the Company through postal ballot dated June 11, 2025 and 
regularized to Independent Director in the category of Non-
Executive Independent Director.
Mr. Ashish Bakliwal (DIN: 05149608)
Mr. Ashish Bakliwal (DIN: 05149608) has completed his second 
term as Independent Director of the Company on April 30, 2025.
Mrs. Vinita Ashish Saraf (DIN: 00208621) 
Mrs. Vinita Ashish Saraf (DIN: 00208621), who was liable to 
retire by rotation at the Annual General Meeting held on August 
28, 2025, being eligible, offered herself for re-appointment 
and was accordingly re-appointed at the said Annual General 
Meeting.
Mr. Ashok Jain (DIN:09791163)
Mr. Ashok Jain (DIN: 09791163) was appointed as Whole time 
Director of the Company  effective from November 15, 2022. 
The tenure of Mr. Ashok Jain was due to complete on November 
14, 2025. The Board of Directors in its Meeting held on July 25, 
2025 re-appointed him as Whole time Director of the Company, 
for another term of 3 (Three) consecutive years commencing 
from November 15, 2025 to November 14, 2028. The same was 
approved by the members of the Company in Annual General 
Meeting held on August 28, 2025.
Mr. Nipun Sumanlal Mehta (DIN: 00255831)
Mr. Nipun Sumanlal Mehta (DIN: 00255831) was appointed as 
a Non-Executive Independent Director on the Board of your 
Company for a period of Five (5) consecutive years effective 
from March 05, 2021. The tenure of Mr. Nipun Sumanlal Mehta 
(DIN: 00255831) was due to complete on March 04, 2026. His 
re-appointment as a Non-Executive Independent Director for a 
second term of five (5) years with effect from March 05, 2026 
to March 04, 2031 (both days inclusive) was approved by the 
Board of Directors at its meeting held on January 28, 2026. The 
same was approved by the members of the Company through 
postal ballot on March 01, 2026.
Mr. Mudit Kumar Singh (DIN: 03276749)
Mr. Mudit Kumar Singh (DIN: 03276749) was appointed as a 
Non-Executive Independent Director of the Company for a 
period of Five (5) consecutive years effective from September 
06, 2021. The tenure of Mr. Mudit Kumar Singh is due to expire 
on September 05, 2026. 
During the year under review, the Non-Executive Directors of 
the Company had no pecuniary relationship or transactions 
with the Company, other than sitting fees, and reimbursement 
of expenses incurred by them for the purpose of attending 
meetings of the Board/Committee of the Company.  None of the 
Directors of the Company are disqualified as per the provision 
of Section 164 of the Act and the SEBI Listing Regulations.
Director retiring by rotation
In terms of Section 152 of the Act, Mr. Gautam Kumar Pal (DIN: 
07645652), Whole-Time Director of the Company, retires by 
rotation and being eligible, offers himself for re-appointment at 
the ensuing Annual General Meeting. The Board recommends 
his re-appointment for the consideration of the members of the 
Company at the ensuing Annual General Meeting. A brief profile 
along with the resolution seeking members’ approval for his 
appointment forms part of the notice convening the ensuing 
Annual General Meeting.
12) KEY  MANAGERIAL PERSONNEL:
During the year under review, the following were the Key 
Managerial Personnel (“KMP”) of the Company pursuant to 
the provisions of Sections 2(51) and 203 of the Companies 
Act, 2013 read with the Companies (Appointment and 
Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014:
90

--- page 94 ---
Sr. No Name Designation Date of Appointment
1. Mr. Ashish Ramesh Saraf Chairman & Managing Director October 23, 2024
2. Mrs. Vinita Ashish Saraf Vice Chairperson & Whole Time Director July 30, 2024
3. Mr. Shrey Ashish Saraf Whole Time Director August 19, 2019
4. Mr. Gautam Kumar Pal Whole Time Director January 10, 2018
5. Mr. Ashok Jain Whole Time Director November 15, 2022
CFO April 07, 2018
6. Mr. Deepak Sharma Company Secretary & Compliance Officer February 10, 2024
13) MEETING OF THE BO ARD OF DIRECTORS:
As per Section 173 of the Companies Act, 2013, the Board 
is required to hold a minimum number of four meetings 
during the financial year and not more than one hundred 
and twenty days shall intervene between two consecutive 
meetings of the Board. During the financial year 2025-
26, the Board met Six (6) times viz. April 26, 2025, July 
25, 2025, August 28, 2025, October 17, 2025, January 28, 
2026 and March 12, 2026. The intervening gap between 
the Board Meetings was within the limits prescribed 
under the Act and the Rules made there under and as per 
Secretarial Standards on Board Meeting and SEBI (LODR) 
Regulations, 2015. 
For details of meetings of the Board and attendance, please 
refer to the Corporate Governance Report  ‘Annexure IV’, 
which forms a part of this Annual Report.
14)  BO ARD COMMITTEE:  
The Board has formed various Committees as required 
under the Act and the SEBI Listing Regulations and any 
amendments made thereto. Detailed report on terms 
of reference, composition of Committees, number of 
meetings held during the year are provided in Corporate 
Governance Report as ‘Annexure IV’ forming part of this 
Annual Report.
There has been no instance where the Board has not 
accepted any of the recommendations of the Audit 
Committee and Nomination remuneration Committee.
15) O THER COMMITTEES: 
(A) Fin ance and Operations Committee: 
The Board of Company at their meeting held on June 29, 
2020 constituted a Committee with the name as “Finance 
and Operations Committee” to carry conveniently the 
finance, banking and operations of the Company. 
The composition of the Committee is as follows: 
1. Mr. Gautam Kumar Pal - Chairman 
2. Mr. Ashish Ramesh Saraf - Member 
3. Mr. Shrey Ashish Saraf – Member
4. Mr. Ashok Jain - Member 
The Terms of Reference of the Finance and Operations 
Committee as on March 31, 2026, are as follows:
1.  Re view the Company’s financial policies, banking 
arrangements, working capital and cash flow 
management and make such reports and 
recommendations to the Board with respect thereto 
as it may deem advisable. 
2. Ex ercise all powers to borrow monies (otherwise 
than by issue of debentures or preference shares) 
within the limits approved by the Board and taking 
necessary actions connected therewith including 
refinancing for optimisation of borrowing costs. 
3. Giv ing of guarantees/issuing letters of comfort/ 
providing securities within the limits approved by the 
Board. 
4.  Borr ow monies by way of loan for the purpose of 
refinancing the existing debt, capital expenditure, 
general corporate purposes including working capital 
requirements and possible strategic investments 
within the limits approved by the Board. 
5.  Pr ovide corporate guarantee/performance guarantee 
by the Company within the limits approved by the 
Board. 
6.  Appr ove opening, closure, change of signatories and 
operation of current accounts with banks. 
7.  Carr y out any other function as mandated by the 
Board from time to time and/or enforced by any 
statutory notification, amendment or modification as 
may be applicable. 
8.  Oth er transactions or financial issues that the Board 
may desire to have reviewed by the Finance and 
Operations Committee. 
9.  Del egate authorities from time to time to the 
executives/ authorized persons to implement the 
decisions of the Committee. 
10. Regularly review and make recommendations about 
changes to the charter of the Committee. 
11.  T o authorize the officials on behalf of the Board to 
appear or represent the Company before any court/ 
Manorama Industries Limited
Annual Report 2025-26
Corporate OverviewStatutory ReportsFinancial Statements
91

--- page 95 ---
statutory authority/local body or any government 
and regulatory authority as may be required for 
license/renewal/any regulatory submission and 
documentation and other general authorization to 
person to carry out the same.
(B) Inv estment Committee :
The Board at their meeting held on April 26, 2025 
constituted a Committee with the name as “Investment 
Committee” to implement Investment Policy of the 
Company.
The composition of the Committee is as follows: 
1. Mr. Ashish Ramesh Saraf - Chairman
2. Mrs. Vinita Ashish Saraf - Member
3. Mr. Ashok Jain - Member
The Terms of Reference of the Investment  Committee as 
on March 31, 2026, are as follows:
1. Ensur e the Investment Policy and its guidelines remain 
relevant, the Investment Committee will review them 
once in every three year or as needed. This review will 
include an assessment of the investment objectives, 
financial status, and capital market expectations. 
Additionally, the Investment Guidelines, including 
asset category targets and Finance and Operations 
Committee competencies, will be regularly reviewed 
as outlined in the guidelines.
2. Ensur e that investment policy is compliant with 
investment guidelines.
3. Onb oard Consultant/Expert/advisor as needed to 
serve as an advisor to the Investment Committee.
4. Any changes in investment policy guidelines to be 
approved by Investment Committee.
5. The  investment portfolio will be managed by the 
Investment Committee, which will exercise prudent 
judgment consistent with the standards of care 
expected of fiduciaries managing institutional 
assets. The Committee will aim to preserve the 
safety of principal, maintain sufficient liquidity to 
meet the Company’s cash flow needs, and generate 
competitive investment returns.
6. Re view the changes if any in the matters relating to 
investments.
16)  DIREC TORS’ RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT :
Pursuant to the requirements under Section 134(3)(c) read 
with Section 134(5) of the Act, with respect to Directors 
Responsibility Statement, the Directors hereby confirm 
that: 
a. in the preparation of the annual financial statements 
for the year ended March 31, 2026, the applicable 
accounting standards had been followed along with 
proper explanation relating to material departures, if 
any.
b. the  Directors have selected such accounting policies 
and applied them consistently and made judgments 
and estimates that are reasonable and prudent so as 
to give a true and fair view of the state of affairs of the 
Company at the end of the financial year and of the 
profit of the Company for that period.
c. the  Directors have taken proper and sufficient care 
for the maintenance of adequate accounting records 
in accordance with the provisions of the Companies 
Act, 2013 for safeguarding the assets of the Company 
and for preventing and detecting fraud and other 
irregularities.
d. the  Directors have prepared the annual accounts on 
a going concern basis.
e. the  Directors have laid down internal financial 
controls to be followed by the Company and that 
such internal financial controls are adequate and 
were operating effectively.
f. the  Directors have devised proper systems to ensure 
compliance with the provisions of all applicable laws 
and that such systems were adequate and operating 
effectively.
17) COMP ANY’S POLICY ON DIRECTORS’ APPOINTMENT 
AND REMUNERATION INCLUDING CRITERIA FOR 
DETERMINING QUALIFICATIONS, POSITIVE ATTRIBUTES, 
INDEPENDENCE OF A DIRECTOR AND OTHER MATTERS 
PROVIDED UNDER SUB-SECTION (3) OF SECTION 178 
OF THE ACT :
The Company has in place the Nomination and 
Remuneration Committee of the Board (NRC), which 
performs the functions as mandated under the Act and 
the SEBI Listing Regulations. The composition of the NRC 
is detailed in the Corporate Governance Report forming 
part of the Annual Report.
Based on the recommendation of NRC, the Board has 
adopted the Nomination and Remuneration Policy for 
Directors, KMP and other Employees and also Policy 
on the Board Diversity, Succession Planning. NRC has 
formulated the criteria for determining qualifications, 
positive attributes and independence of an Independent 
Director and also criteria for evaluation of individual 
directors and the Board / Committees. 
The remuneration paid to Directors, KMP and Senior 
Management Personnel (“SMP”) of the Company are 
as per the terms laid down in the Policy. The Policy on 
remuneration of Directors, Key Managerial Personnel 
92

--- page 96 ---
and other Employees is available on the website of 
the Company at https://www.manoramagroup.co.in/
investors-policies.
18) PER FORMANCE EVALUATION OF THE BOARD, THE 
COMMITTEES AND THE INDIVIDUAL DIRECTORS:
Pursuant to the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013, 
Regulation 17(10) and other applicable provisions 
of the SEBI Listing Regulations, the Board adopted 
a formal mechanism on the recommendation of the 
Nomination and Remuneration Committee for evaluating 
its performance and as well as that of its Committees 
and Individual Directors, including the Chairman of the 
Board. The exercise was carried out through a structured 
evaluation process covering various aspects of the 
Board’s functioning such as composition of the Board & 
Committees, experience & competencies, performance of 
specific duties & obligations, contribution at the meetings 
and otherwise, independent judgment, governance issues 
etc.
The Board also carried evaluation of the performance of 
its various Committees for the year under consideration. 
The performance evaluation of the Directors was carried 
out by the entire Board, other than the Director being 
evaluated. The performance evaluation of the Chairman 
and the Non-Independent Directors was carried out by the 
Independent Directors. 
The Directors were satisfied with the evaluation results, 
which reflect the overall engagement of the Board and 
its Committees and on the basis of the report of the said 
evaluation, the present term of appointment of Independent 
Directors shall be continued with the Company.
19) INDEPENDEN T DIRECTORS’ MEETING:
The Independent Directors met on March 12, 2026 
without the attendance of Non-Independent Directors 
and members of the Management. The Independent 
Directors reviewed the performance of Non-Independent 
Directors and the Board as a whole; the performance of 
the Chairperson of the Company, taking into account the 
views of Executive Directors and Non-Executive Directors 
and assessed the quality, quantity and timeliness of flow 
of information between the Company Management and 
the Board that is necessary for the Board to effectively and 
reasonably perform their duties.
20) F AMILIARIZATION PROGRAMMES:
The Company has familiarized the Independent Directors, 
about their roles, rights, responsibilities, nature of the 
industry in which the Company operates, the business 
model of the Company etc. The Familiarization Programme 
for Independent Directors is uploaded on the website of the 
Company, and is accessible at https://manoramagroup.
co.in/investors-company-announcements#others.
21) CODE OF CONDUC T :
The Company has in place, Code of Conduct for the 
Board of Directors and Senior Management Personnel, 
which reflects the legal and ethical values to which the 
Company is strongly committed. The Directors and Senior 
Management Personnel of the Company have complied 
with the code as mentioned hereinabove.
The Directors and Senior Management Personnel have 
affirmed compliance with the Code of Conduct applicable 
to them, for the financial year ended March 31, 2026. The 
said Code is available on the website of the Company at 
https://manoramagroup.co.in/investors-policies.
22) M ANAGEMENT DISCUSSION & ANAL YSIS REPORT :  
Pursuant to Regulation 34(2)(e) and Schedule V of the 
SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015, a detailed Management 
Discussion and Analysis report is annexed and forms an 
integral part of this Annual Report at Page No. 60.
23) BUSINESS RESPONSIBILI TY AND SUSTAINABILITY 
REPORT
Pursuant to Regulation 34(2)(f) of the SEBI (LODR) 
Regulations, 2015, Business Responsibility and 
Sustainability Report (“BRSR”) covering disclosures on 
Company’s performance on ESG (Environment, Social and 
Governance) parameters is annexed herewith as Annexure 
V and forms part of this Annual Report at Page No. 137.
24) DECL ARATION BY INDEPENDENT DIRECTORS:
The Company has received a declaration from each of 
its Independent Directors confirming that they satisfy the 
criteria of independence as prescribed under the Section 
149(6) & 149(7) of the Act and Regulation 16(1)(b) of 
the SEBI Listing Regulations. In terms of the regulatory 
requirements, name of every Independent Director should 
be added in the online database of Independent Directors 
of Indian Institute of Corporate Affairs, Manesar (“IICA”). 
All Independent Directors have given confirmation with 
respect to their registration with IICA for the above 
requirement. The Board opined that Independent Directors 
have requisite integrity, expertise, specialized knowledge, 
experience and the proficiency. Further there has been 
no change in the circumstances affecting their status as 
Independent Director of the Company.
The Independent Directors have complied with the Code 
for Independent Directors prescribed in Schedule IV 
to the Act along with the Code of Conduct for Directors 
and Senior Management Personnel formulated by the 
Company as per SEBI Listing Regulations. 
Terms and conditions for appointment of Independent 
Directors is available on the website of the Company at 
https://www.manoramagroup.co.in/investors-policies.
Manorama Industries Limited
Annual Report 2025-26
Corporate OverviewStatutory ReportsFinancial Statements
93

--- page 97 ---
25) P ARTICULARS OF LOANS, GUARANTEES OR INVESTMENTS:
The following capital amount were remitted by the Company in its Wholly-owned Subsidiary Companies under Section 186 
of the Companies Act, 2013.  
S. 
No.
Name of Subsidiary Company Capital Amount to be 
remitted/Subscribed
Actual Net Amount 
Remitted
1 Manorama Savanna Limited, Nigeria Naira 10,00,00,000 USD 59,025
2 Manorama Africa Savanna, Ivory Coast CFA 20,00,000 USD 3,546
3 Manorama Africa Benin, Benin CFA 20,00,000 USD 3,494
4 Manorama Latin America L TDA, Brazil BRL 60,00,000 USD 10,54,278
5 Manorama Savanna Ghana Limited, Ghana GHC 80,00,000 USD 7,38,255
6 Manorama Burkina SARL, Burkina Faso CFA 20,00,000 USD 3,629
7 Manorama Savanna Togo SARL, Togo CFA 20,00,000 USD 3,700
8 Taang Kaam Industries SA, Burkina Faso CFA 1,00,00,00,000 USD 17,42,729
9 Manorama Mena Trading LLC, UAE AED 1,00,000 AED 1,00,000
10 Manorama Savannah Agro Chad SARL, 
Republic of Chad
CFA 1,00,00,000 -
 Not e: The Company is in process of remitting remaining 
capital subscribed amount (If any) in remaining subsidiary 
Companies as approved by the Board.
26) RIS K MANAGEMENT :  
The Company has built a comprehensive risk management 
framework that seeks to identify all kinds of anticipated 
risks associated with the business and to take remedial 
actions to minimize any kind of adverse impact on the 
Company. The Company understands that risk evaluation 
and risk mitigation is an ongoing process within the 
organization and is fully committed to identify and mitigate 
the risks in the business
Pursuant to Regulation 21 of the Listing Regulations, 
the Board of Directors of the Company has formed a 
Risk Management Committee to frame, implement and 
monitor risk management plan for the Company. The 
Committee is responsible for monitoring and reviewing 
the risk management plan and ensuring its effectiveness. 
Further Company has in place Risk Management Policy 
to develop risk management framework to implement and 
adhere to the policy to mitigate risk, avoid risk or take risk 
that cannot be mitigated or avoided for the benefit of the 
Company’s business and growth.
The Company has also formulated and implemented a 
Risk Management Policy which is approved by the Board 
of Directors in accordance with Listing Regulations, 
to identify and monitor business risk and assist in 
measures to control and mitigate such risks. The Policy is 
available on the Website of the Company at https://www.
manoramagroup.co.in/investors-policies.
27) IN TERNAL CONTROL SYSTEMS AND THEIR ADEQUACY:
According to Section 134(5)(e) of the Companies Act, 
2013 and Regulation 17(8) of Listing Regulations in 
terms of internal control over financial reporting, the term 
Internal Financial Control (‘IFC’) means the policies and 
procedures adopted by the Company for ensuring the 
orderly and efficient conduct of its business, including 
adherence to Company’s policies, the safeguarding of its 
assets, the prevention and early detection of frauds and 
errors, the accuracy and completeness of the accounting 
records and the timely preparation of reliable financial 
information.
The Company has a well-established internal control 
framework, which is designed to continuously assess 
the adequacy, effectiveness and efficiency of financial 
and operational controls and the Board is responsible for 
ensuring that IFC are laid down in the Company and that 
such controls are adequate and operating effectively.
The Company believes that strengthening of internal 
controls is an ongoing process and there will be continuous 
efforts to keep pace with changing business needs and 
environment.
The Company has appointed CLA Indus Value Consulting 
Private Limited, as Internal Auditors of the Company 
for the financial year 2025-26. During the year, the 
Company continued to implement their suggestions 
and recommendations to improve the internal control 
system. Their scope of work includes review of processes 
for safeguarding the assets of the Company, review of 
operational efficiency, effectiveness of systems and 
processes, and assessing the internal control measures in 
all areas. Internal Auditor’s findings are discussed with the 
process owners and suitable corrective actions are taken 
as per the directions of Audit Committee on an ongoing 
basis to improve efficiency in operations. 
94

--- page 98 ---
The Company’s internal control systems are 
commensurate with the nature of its business, size and 
complexity of the operations. 
28) GREEN INI TIATIVES:
The Company fully supports the Ministry of Corporate 
Affairs Green initiative to minimize the use of paper for 
‘all official communication’. In line with this, the Company 
sends all notices and documents, including the Annual 
Report, to shareholders who have registered for the same, 
by e-mail. This has led to a significant reduction in paper 
consumption annually.
Electronic copies of the Annual Report and Notice of 
the 21st Annual General Meeting will be sent to all 
Members whose email addresses are registered with the 
Company/Depository Participant(s). Members who have 
not registered their email addresses are requested to 
register the same with the Depository. Members may note 
that the Notice along with aforementioned documents 
shall also be available on the Company’s website at 
https://manoramagroup.co.in/investors-company-
announcements#notices
29) CORPORA TE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY POLICY:
In accordance with the provisions of Section 135 of the Act 
read with the Companies (Corporate Social Responsibility 
Policy) Rules, 2014, the Board of Directors of the Company 
have constituted Corporate Social Responsibility (“CSR”) 
Committee. The Company has formed a CSR Policy, which 
is available on the website of the Company at https://www.
manoramagroup.co.in/investors-policies. The Policy inter 
alia briefs the areas in which CSR outlays can be made, 
objectives, the various CSR Programs/Projects which can 
be undertaken, implementation of the said programs and 
projects, criteria for identification of the implementing 
agencies, monitoring and evaluation mechanisms and 
annual action plan.
The Committee is committed to ensure the social 
wellbeing of the communities through its CSR initiatives, in 
alignment with the Company’s key priorities. The details of 
the Committee along with its terms of reference has been 
disclosed in detail in the Corporate Governance section of 
Annual Report.
Annual report on Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) 
activities including the initiatives undertaken by the 
Company for the financial year 2025-26 is annexed to this 
report as ‘Annexure VI’. 
30) SIG NIFICANT AND MATERIAL ORDERS PASSED BY 
THE REGULATORS/ COURTS/ TRIBUNALS IMPACTING 
THE GOING CONCERN STATUS AND THE COMPANY’S 
OPERATIONS IN FUTURE:
No significant or material orders were passed by the 
Regulators or Courts or Tribunals which impact the going 
concern status and Company’s operations in future.
31) SH ARE REGISTRAR & TRANSFER AGENT (RTA):
The details of Registrar and Share Transfer Agent are as 
follows:
MUFG Intime India Private Limited (Formerly known as 
Link Intime India Private Limited) 
C 101, Embassy 247, LBS  Marg, Vikhroli (West), Mumbai, 
Maharashtra, 400083, India
Tel: 8108116767 Fax: 022-49186060
Website: https://in.mpms.mufg.com/
32) PUBLIC DEPOSI TS:
During the year under review, the Company has not 
accepted / renewed  any deposits from the public as 
covered under the provisions of Section 73 of the Act 
read with the Companies (Acceptance of Deposits) Rules, 
2014 and therefore the disclosure pursuant to Rule 8(5)
(v) & (vi) of the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014, is not 
applicable to the Company.
33) A UDITORS AND THEIR REPORT :
a. Statutory Auditor:
Pursuant to the provisions of Section 139 of the Act 
read with the Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 
2014 as amended from time to time, the members at 
the 19th Annual General Meeting held on September 
03, 2024 had approved the appointment of M/s. Singhi 
& Co. Chartered Accountants (Firm Registration No: 
302049E), as the  Statutory Auditors of the Company 
for a period of 5 (five) consecutive years from the 
conclusion of the 19th Annual General Meeting until 
the conclusion of the 24th Annual General Meeting.
The Report given by the Statutory Auditors, M/s. 
Singhi & Co. Chartered Accountants (Firm Registration 
No: 302049E) on the financial statements of the 
Company forms part of the Annual Report. There has 
been no qualification, reservation, adverse remark or 
disclaimer given by the Auditors in their Report. Also, 
no fraud has been reported by the auditor as per 
Section 143(12) of the Companies Act, 2013.  
b. Cost Auditor:
In terms of the Section 148 of the Companies Act, 
2013 read with the Companies (Cost Records 
and Audit) Rules, 2014, the Company is required 
to maintain cost accounting records and have 
them audited every year. Accordingly, the Board 
at its meeting held on May 11, 2026, based on 
the recommendation of the Audit Committee, re-
appointed M/s S N & Co, Cost Accountants (FRN. 
Manorama Industries Limited
Annual Report 2025-26
Corporate OverviewStatutory ReportsFinancial Statements
95

--- page 99 ---
000309) as Cost Auditors of the Company to conduct 
audit of the cost records of the Company for the 
financial year 2026-27. A remuneration of ` 1,00,000 
(Rupees One Lakh only) plus applicable taxes and 
out of pocket expenses has been fixed for the Cost 
Auditors subject to the ratification of such fees by 
the members at the ensuing Annual General Meeting 
(AGM). Accordingly, the Board has recommended 
that a resolution for seeking members’ ratification of 
the remuneration payable to the Cost Auditors for the 
financial year 2026–27 be placed at the ensuing 21st 
Annual General Meeting and included in the Notice 
convening the Annual General Meeting. 
M/s. S N & Co. have confirmed that they are free 
from disqualification specified in Section 141(3) 
and provisions of Section 148(3) read with 141(4) 
of the Act and also their appointment meets the 
requirement of Section 141(3)(g) of the Act. They 
have further confirmed their Independent Status and 
an arm’s length relationship with the Company. 
During the year under review, the Cost Auditor had not 
reported any fraud under Section 143(12) of the Act 
and therefore, no details are required to be disclosed.
c. Secretarial Auditor:
Pursuant to the provisions of Regulation 24A of 
SEBI Listing Regulations and Section 204 of the 
Companies Act, 2013 read with the Rule 9 of the 
Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of 
Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014, the members 
in the 20th Annual General meeting, had appointed 
M/s. B. R. Agrawal & Associates, Practicing Company 
Secretaries (COP No. 5649 and Membership No. 
F5771) as the Secretarial Auditor of the Company for 
a term of five consecutive years from FY 2025-26 to 
FY 2029-30. 
The Secretarial Audit report for the financial year 
ended March 31, 2026 in Form MR-3 is attached 
as ‘Annexure VII’ and forms an integral part of this 
report. The report of the Secretarial Auditor does not 
contain any qualifications, reservations or adverse 
remarks, therefore, no details are required to be 
disclosed.
d. Internal Auditor:
 Pursuant to the provisions of Section 138 of the 
Companies Act, 2013 and rules made thereunder, 
the Board, on recommendation of Audit Committee, 
in the Board meeting held on May 11, 2026 has 
appointed CLA Indus Value Consulting Private 
Limited as Internal Auditor of the Company for the 
financial year 2026-27.     
Reporting of Frauds by Auditors 
During the financial year under review, neither the 
Statutory Auditor nor the Secretarial Auditor or any 
other Auditor, have reported to the Audit Committee or 
the Board of Directors of the Company, any instances of 
fraud committed against the Company by its officers or 
employees under Section 143(12) of the Act.
34) P ARTICULARS OF EMPLOYEES:
Disclosures pertaining to remuneration and other details, 
as required under Section 197(12) of the Companies Act, 
2013 read with Rule 5(1) of the Companies (Appointment 
and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014 
as amended from time to time in respect of employees of 
the Company is given in ‘Annexure VIII’ and forms part of 
this report.
A statement showing the names of the top ten employees 
in terms of remuneration drawn and names and other 
particulars of the employees drawing remuneration in 
excess of the limits set out in the said rules forms part of 
this Report in the same Annexure.
35) DISCL OSURE UNDER SEXUAL HARASSMENT OF 
WOMEN AT WORKPLACE (PREVENTION, PROHIBITION 
AND REDRESSAL) ACT , 2013:
The Company has in place a policy which is in line with 
the requirements of the Sexual Harassment of Women at 
Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition & Redressal) Act, 2013 
(“POSH Act”). An Internal Committee has been set up to 
redress and resolve complaints, if any, received regarding 
sexual harassment of women. The Company has 
complied with the provisions relating to the constitution of 
the Internal Committee under the POSH Act. All employees 
(permanent, contractual, temporary, trainees) are covered 
under this policy. The following is the summary of the 
complaints received and disposed off during the financial 
year 2025-26:
Number of complaints pending at the beginning 
of the financial year
Nil
No of complaints received during the year 
2025-26
Nil
No of complaints resolved during the year 
2025-26
Nil
No of complaints remaining unresolved at the 
end of the financial year
Nil
Number of cases pending for more than ninety 
days 
Nil
36) CORPORA TE GOVERNANCE:
The Company’s Corporate Governance Practices are 
a reflection of value system encompassing culture, 
policies, and relationships with the stakeholders. Integrity 
96

--- page 100 ---
and transparency are key to Corporate Governance 
Practices to ensure that Company gain and retain the 
trust of stakeholders at all times. It is about maximizing 
shareholder value legally, ethically and sustainably. The 
Board exercises its fiduciary responsibilities in the widest 
sense of the term.
Pursuant to Regulation 34 read with Part C of Schedule V of 
the Listing Regulations, a Report on Corporate Governance 
is provided in a separate section along with the Certificate 
from Ms. Alifya Sapatwala, Partner, M/s. Mehta & Mehta, 
Practicing Company Secretary, on its compliance and is 
annexed to this Report as part of ‘Annexure IV’ 
37) VIG IL MECHANISM & WHISTLE BLOWER POLICY:
Pursuant to the provisions of Section 177(9) & (10) of the 
Companies Act, 2013 read with Rule 7 of the Companies 
(Meetings of Board and its Powers) Rules, 2014 and the 
SEBI Listing Regulations, the Company has formed a 
Whistle Blower Policy and has established the necessary 
Vigil Mechanism for directors and employees to report 
instances of illegal activities, unethical behavior, actual 
or suspected, fraud or violation of the Company’s Code 
of Conduct or Ethics Policy. It also provides for adequate 
safeguards against victimization of person who use this 
mechanism and direct access to the Chairperson. 
Further, the mechanism adopted by the Company 
encourages the Whistle Blower to report genuine concerns 
or grievances to the Audit Committee, and provides for 
adequate safeguards against victimization of Whistle 
Blower, who avail of such mechanism and also provides 
for direct access to the Chairman of the Audit Committee, 
in appropriate or exceptional cases. The Audit Committee 
oversees the functioning of the same. Further, no personnel 
have been denied access to the Audit Committee during 
the Financial Year under review.
There was no instance of such reporting during the 
financial year ended March 31, 2026.
The Vigil Mechanism Policy is available on the website 
of the Company at https://www.manoramagroup.co.in/
investors-policies.
38) LISTING:
The equity shares of the Company are listed on BSE 
Limited and National Stock Exchange of India Limited as 
on March 31, 2026. The Company has paid the Listing fees 
to the Stock Exchanges for the financial year 2025-26.
39) COMPLI ANCE WITH SECRETARIAL STANDARDS:
The Directors state that the applicable mandatory 
Secretarial Standards (“SS”), i.e. SS-1 and SS-2, relating to 
‘Meetings of the Board of Directors’ and ‘General Meetings’, 
respectively, have been duly complied by the Company.
40) PRO VISION OF VOTING BY ELECTRONIC MEANS 
THROUGH REMOTE E-VOTING AND E-VOTING AT THE 
AGM:
Your Company is providing E-voting facility as required 
under Section 108 of the Companies Act, 2013 read 
with Rule 20 of the Companies (Management and 
Administration) Rules, 2014. The ensuing 21st AGM will 
be conducted through Video Conferencing/OAVM and no 
physical meeting will be held and your company has made 
necessary arrangements to provide facility of e-voting at 
AGM including remote e-voting. The details regarding 
e-voting facility is being given with the notice of the 
Meeting.
41) HUM AN RESOURCES
The Company has always aspired to be an organisation 
and a workplace which attracts, retains and provides a 
canvas for talent to operate. 
The Company believes that meaning at work is created 
when people relate to the purpose of the organisation, feel 
connected to their leaders and have a sense of belonging. 
Our focus stays strong on providing our people a work 
environment that welcomes diversity, nurtures positive 
relationships and a culture grounded in our core values, 
provides challenging work assignments and provides 
opportunities based on meritocracy for people to grow, 
build and advance their careers with us in line with their 
aspirations. 
As on March 31, 2026, the employee strength of the 
Company was  523.
42) EMPL OYEE STOCK OPTION SCHEME
The members of the Company, vide Special Resolution 
passed at the Annual General Meeting held on September 
29, 2021, approved the Manorama Industries Limited 
Employee Stock Option Plan 2021 (MIL ESOP 2021). 
The ESOP Scheme is in compliance with the SEBI (Share 
Based Employee Benefits) Regulations, 2014 (‘the SBEB 
Regulations’). Further the Company has received In 
principle approval for listing of shares to be allotted 
pursuant to Manorama Industries Limited Employee Stock 
Option Plan 2021 (“MIL ESOP 2021”) from the National 
Stock Exchange of India Limited on March 26, 2024  and 
from Bombay Stock Exchange Limited on November 02, 
2021
The applicable disclosures as stipulated under SEBI 
(Share Based Employee Benefits) Regulations, 2014 are 
provided in ‘Annexure IX’  to this Report and available on 
the website of the Company at https://manoramagroup.
co.in/investors-company-announcements#others.
Manorama Industries Limited
Annual Report 2025-26
Corporate OverviewStatutory ReportsFinancial Statements
97

--- page 101 ---
43) COMPLI ANCE TO THE PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE 
MATERNITY BENEFITS ACT , 1961:.
The company adheres to all legal compliances pertaining 
to the Company as applicable with respect to Maternity 
Benefits Act, 1961. 
44) GENERAL:
Your Company states that no disclosure or reporting is 
required in respect of the following matters as there were 
no transactions on these items during the year under 
review:
a. Issue of equity shares with differential rights as to 
dividend, voting or otherwise, Sweat Equity shares 
nor any reporting required under Buyback of Shares;
b. The  Company does not have any scheme of provision 
of money for the purchase of its own shares by 
employees or by trustees for the benefit of employees;
c. Nei ther the Managing Director nor the Whole-Time 
Directors of the Company receive any remuneration 
or commission from any of its subsidiaries.
d. The re are no shares lying in demat suspense account/
unclaimed suspense account. Hence no disclosure is 
required to be given for the same.
e. The re are no proceedings, either filed by the Company 
or filed against the Company, pending under the 
Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, 2016 as amended, 
before National Company Law Tribunal or other 
courts during the financial year 2025-26. 
f. The  Company serviced all the debts & financial 
commitments as and when they became due with the 
banks or Financial Statements.
g. The re is no instances of difference between amount 
of the valuation done at the time of one time 
settlement and the valuation done while taking loan 
from the Banks or Financial Institutions along with 
the reasons thereof.
h. The re was no revision of financial statements and the 
Board’s Report of the Company during the financial 
year;
45) MD and CFO CER TIFICATION:
As required under Regulation 17(8) of the Listing 
Regulations, the Managing Director (“MD”) and the Chief 
Financial Officer (“CFO”) of the Company have certified 
the accuracy of the Financial Statements, the Cash Flow 
Statement and adequacy of Internal Control Systems for 
financial reporting for the financial year 2025-26. Their 
Certificate forms part of the Corporate Governance Report.
46) CRE DIT RATING:
The credit rating of your Company undertaken by Care 
Ratings Limited  for the bank loan facilities availed by the 
Company has been reaffirmed/assigned as “ CARE A+; 
STABLE” Details of the same are clearly elaborated in the 
Corporate Governance Report forming part of this Annual 
Report.
47) ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS:
The Directors wish to convey their gratitude and 
appreciation to all the employees of the Company posted 
at various locations, for their tremendous personal efforts 
as well as collective dedication and contribution to the 
Company’s performance.
The Directors would also like to thank the shareholders, 
investors, customers, dealers, suppliers, bankers, 
government and all other business associates, consultants 
for their continuous support extended to the Company and 
the Management.
For and on behalf of the Board of Directors
For Manorama Industries Limited
Ashish Ramesh Saraf 
Managing Director
DIN: 00183357
Ashok Jain  
Whole Time Director
DIN: 09791163
Place: Raipur
Date : August 13, 2026
98

--- page 102 ---
ANNEXURE I
FORM NO. AOC-1
(For the Financial Year ended March 31, 2026)
(Pursuant to first proviso to sub-section (3) of section 129 read with rule 5 of the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014)
Statement containing salient features of the financial statement of subsidiaries
(Amount in ` Lakhs)
Sr. 
No
Particulars Name of the Subsidiary Companies
Manorama 
Mena 
Trading  
LLC, UAE
Manorama 
Savanna 
Limited, 
Nigeria
Manorama 
Savanna 
Togo Sarl, 
Togo
Manorama 
Africa 
Savanna, 
Ivory 
Coast 
Manorama 
Africa 
Benin, 
Benin
Manorama 
Burkina 
Sarl, 
Burkina 
Faso
Manorama 
Savanna 
Ghana 
Limited, 
Ghana
Manorama 
latin 
America 
LTDA, 
Brazil
Taang 
Kaam 
Industries 
SA, Burkina 
Faso
1. The date 
since when 
subsidiary was 
acquired
July 22, 
2024
July 25, 
2024
September 
18, 2024
October 
10, 2024
October 
15, 2024
October 
18, 2024
November 
06, 2024
March 25, 
2025
January 
16, 2026
2. Reporting 
period for the 
subsidiary 
concerned, if 
different from 
the holding 
company's 
reporting 
period.
April-
March
April-March January-
December
January-
December
January-
December
January-
December
April-
March
January-
December
January- 
December
3. Reporting 
currency and 
Exchange 
rate as on the 
last date of 
the relevant 
Financial year 
in the case 
of foreign 
subsidiaries.
AED 
25.7738
NGN (Naira) 
0.0684
CFA (XOF) 
0.1662
CFA (XOF) 
0.1662
CFA (XOF) 
0.1662
CFA (XOF) 
0.1662
GHS 
8.6203
BRL 
18.1532
CFA (XOF) 
0.1662
4. Share Capital AED 
1,00,000
NGN (Naira) 
10,00,00,000
CFA (XOF) 
20,00,000
CFA (XOF) 
20,00,000
CFA (XOF) 
20,00,000
CFA (XOF) 
20,00,000
GHS 
80,00,000
BRL 
60,00,000
CFA (XOF) 
1,00,00,000
5. Reserves and 
Surplus
-42.86 -541.64 -49.68 -254.17 -227.37 -116.21 462.21 -488.16 -15.35
6. Total Assets 0.86 720.29 7.74 14.10 9.70 9.53 1,499.16 1,197.97 16.58
7. Total Liabilities 43.73 1,212.05 53.94 265.17 234.01 122.43 381.51 1,375.91 31.93
8. Investments - - - - - - - - -
9. Turnover - 570.80 - - 622.52 - 16,016.98 223.58 -
Manorama Industries Limited
Annual Report 2025-26
Corporate OverviewStatutory ReportsFinancial Statements
99

--- page 103 ---
Sr. 
No
Particulars Name of the Subsidiary Companies
Manorama 
Mena 
Trading  
LLC, UAE
Manorama 
Savanna 
Limited, 
Nigeria
Manorama 
Savanna 
Togo Sarl, 
Togo
Manorama 
Africa 
Savanna, 
Ivory 
Coast 
Manorama 
Africa 
Benin, 
Benin
Manorama 
Burkina 
Sarl, 
Burkina 
Faso
Manorama 
Savanna 
Ghana 
Limited, 
Ghana
Manorama 
latin 
America 
LTDA, 
Brazil
Taang 
Kaam 
Industries 
SA, Burkina 
Faso
10. Profit Before 
Taxation
-21.35 -391.43 -46.14 -212.64 -151.09 -97.36 577.63 -479.44 -14.52
11. Provision for 
Taxation
- - - - 6.27 - 44.20 - -
12. Profit after 
Taxation
-21.35 -391.43 -46.14 -212.64 -157.36 -97.36 533.43 -479.44 -14.52
13. Proposed 
Dividend
- - - - - - - - -
14. Extent of 
Shareholding 
(in %)
100 100 100 100 100 100 100 100 100
Notes: 
The following information shall be furnished at the end of the statement: 
1. Names of subsidiaries which are yet to commence operations: NIL 
2. Names of subsidiaries which have been liquidated or sold during the year: NIL
For and on behalf of the Board of Directors
For Manorama Industries Limited
Place: Raipur 
Date: August 13, 2026
Ashish Ramesh Saraf
Managing Director 
DIN: 00183357
Ashok Jain
Whole Time Director 
DIN: 09791163
100

--- page 104 ---
ANNEXURE II
FORM NO. AOC-2
(For the Financial Year ended March 31, 2026)
(Pursuant to clause (h) of sub-section (3) of section 134 of the Companies Act, 2013 and  
Rule 8(2) of the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014)
Form for disclosure of particulars of contracts/arrangements entered into by the Company with related parties referred to in sub-
section (1) of Section 188 of the Companies Act, 2013 including certain arm’s length transactions under third proviso thereto.
1. Details of contracts or arran gements or transactions not at arm’s length basis: Nil
2. Details of material contracts or arran gement or transactions at arm’s length basis:  
Corporate identity 
number (CIN) or 
foreign company         
registration 
number (FCRN) or 
Limited Liability 
Partnership number 
(LLPIN) or Foreign 
Limited Liability 
Partnership 
number (FLLPIN) 
or Permanent 
Account Number 
(PAN)/Passport for 
individuals or any 
other registration 
number
Name of the
related party and
Nature of relationship
Nature of 
contracts/
arrangements/
transaction
Duration of 
the contracts / 
arrangements/ 
transactions
Salient terms of 
the contracts or 
arrangements 
or transactions 
including the
Actual/expected 
contractual value, 
if any
Date(s) 
of 
approval 
by the
Board, if 
any
Amount 
paid as 
advances, 
if any
CS080312019 Manorama Africa Limited
 
Mrs. Vinita Ashish Saraf 
is the Vice-Chairperson 
and Whole Time Director 
of the Company. She has 
subscribed 100% of the 
share capital of 
Manorama Africa 
Limited. 
Mr. Gautam Kumar Pal 
is a Whole-Time Director 
of the Company and 
he is also a Director 
in Manorama Africa 
Limited.
Mr. Shrey Ashish Saraf 
is a Whole-Time Director 
of the Company and 
he is also a Director 
in Manorama Africa 
Limited.
Purchase 
of SHEA 
NUTS (Raw 
Material) from 
Manorama 
Africa Limited 
on Arm’s 
length basis.
Financial Year: 
2025-26
Material Terms: The 
material terms with 
respect to quality, 
quantity and other 
specifications of 
Shea nuts will be 
as per the contract 
entered into by 
the Company with 
Manorama Africa 
Limited.
Monetary Value: 
Consideration of 
the transaction 
shall be determined 
mutually between 
the parties and 
shall be according 
to prevalent market 
conditions and on 
Arm’s length basis. 
April 26, 
2025
` 38.57 
Lakhs
Manorama Industries Limited
Annual Report 2025-26
Corporate OverviewStatutory ReportsFinancial Statements
101

--- page 105 ---
Corporate identity 
number (CIN) or 
foreign company         
registration 
number (FCRN) or 
Limited Liability 
Partnership number 
(LLPIN) or Foreign 
Limited Liability 
Partnership 
number (FLLPIN) 
or Permanent 
Account Number 
(PAN)/Passport for 
individuals or any 
other registration 
number
Name of the
related party and
Nature of relationship
Nature of 
contracts/
arrangements/
transaction
Duration of 
the contracts / 
arrangements/ 
transactions
Salient terms of 
the contracts or 
arrangements 
or transactions 
including the
Actual/expected 
contractual value, 
if any
Date(s) 
of 
approval 
by the
Board, if 
any
Amount 
paid as 
advances, 
if any
CS178171124 Manorama Savanna 
Ghana Limited 
The Company is a Wholly 
Owned Subsidiary of 
Manorama Industries 
Limited
Mr. Gautam Kumar Pal 
is a Whole-time Director 
of the Company and 
he is also a Director in 
Manorama Savanna 
Ghana Limited.
Mr. Shrey Ashish Saraf 
is a Whole-Time Director 
of the Company and 
he is also a Director in 
Manorama Savanna
Ghana Limited.
Purchase 
of SHEA 
NUTS (Raw 
Material) from 
Manorama 
Savanna 
Ghana Limited 
on Arm’s 
length basis.
Financial Year: 
2025-26
Material Terms: The 
material terms with 
respect to quality, 
quantity and other 
specifications of 
Shea nuts will be 
as per the contract 
entered into by 
the Company with 
Manorama Savanna 
Ghana Limited
Monetary Value: 
Consideration of 
the transaction 
shall be determined 
mutually between 
the parties and 
shall be according 
to prevalent market 
conditions and on 
Arm’s length basis. 
April 26, 
2025
` 218.79 
Lakhs
* The approval from shareholders for Manorama Africa Limited was obtained in the Annual General Meeting held on August 28, 
2025.
* Shareholders’ approval is not required for the transaction with Manorama Savanna Ghana Limited, being a wholly-owned 
subsidiary of Manorama Industries Limited, as the exemption under the proviso to Section 188 of the Companies Act, 2013, is 
applicable.
For and on behalf of the Board of Directors
For Manorama Industries Limited
Place: Raipur 
Date: August 13, 2026
Ashish Ramesh Saraf
Managing Director 
DIN: 00183357
Ashok Jain
Whole Time Director 
DIN: 09791163
102

--- page 106 ---
ANNEXURE III
CONSERVATION OF ENERGY, TECHNOLOGY ABSORPTION, FOREIGN EXCHANGE EARNINGS AND OUTGO
Information under Section 134(3)(m) of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Rule 8(3) of the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014 and 
forming part of the Boards Report for the year ended March 31, 2026
a. Conservation of Energy  
1. Steps taken for conservation or impact on 
conservation of energy
• Con ducted steam audit and improved condensate water 
recovery system to enhance steam efficiency and reduce 
energy consumption.
• Inst alled daylight sensors for automated control of common 
area lighting, resulting in reduced electricity usage.
• Imp lemented Variable Frequency Drives (VFDs) in high-
capacity motors to optimize power consumption and improve 
operational efficiency.
• Inst alled four Plate Heat Exchangers (PHEs) in the packing 
section, resulting in significant energy savings.
• Ste am generation through rice husk, instead of coal and 
electricity. 
• Pur chase of energy efficient appliances.
• W ater conservation of waste water of solvent plant to reuse 
in cooling tower.
• Use r ecovered condensate water to generate steam.
• W orking with external consultant on energy conservation 
through training and awareness of employees.
2. Steps taken for utilizing alternate sources of energy • Sta rted under-bed feeding system in the boiler, resulting in 
improved boiler efficiency and optimized fuel consumption.
• Usage of Rice husk in place  of coal.
• New  fluidized bed boiler capacity 22 tph commissioned 
which is energy efficient.
• Our boiler efficiency has increased; therefore, we generate 
steam more efficiently.
• W e have minimized our steam and electricity consumption 
per ton of production by effective utilization of asset.
3. Capital investment on energy conservation 
equipment
` 10,11,09,955
b. Technology absorption
i. Efforts made towards technology absorption Efforts made towards technology absorption include 
implementation of advanced digital and automation solutions 
across operations. SAP modules have been implemented 
for better resource planning and process integration, along 
with the HR module for efficient employee data and workflow 
management. Power BI has been adopted for real-time data 
analysis and management reporting. Weighbridge automation 
has been introduced to improve accuracy, transparency, and 
operational efficiency in material movement. A Contract Labour 
Manorama Industries Limited
Annual Report 2025-26
Corporate OverviewStatutory ReportsFinancial Statements
103

--- page 107 ---
Management System has also been integrated with SAP for 
effective monitoring and compliance management. Further, the 
proposed implementation of the Pattyn packing machine will 
enhance packing efficiency, reduce energy consumption, lower 
packing cost per ton, and improve overall productivity.
ii. The benefits derived like product improvement, 
cost reduction, product development or import 
substitution
Benefits derived from technology absorption include improved 
operational efficiency, enhanced accuracy in data management 
and reporting, better process integration, and faster decision-
making through real-time analytics. Automation of weighbridge 
operations has reduced manual intervention, improved 
transparency, and minimized operational errors. Implementation 
of SAP and HR modules has strengthened workflow management, 
compliance tracking, and resource planning. The Contract Labour 
Management System has improved labour monitoring and 
statutory compliance management.
iii. In case of imported technology (imported during 
the last three years reckoned from the beginning of 
the financial year)
a. The details of Technology imported, if any We have purchased a Pattyn packing machine, which will reduce 
the packing cost and improve overall operational efficiency. The 
machine is highly energy efficient and will help in reducing power 
consumption during the packing process.
b. The year of Import FY 2025-26
c. Whether imported technology fully absorbed Yes
d. If not fully absorbed, areas where absorption has 
not taken place, and the reasons thereof; and
NA
iv.. The expenditure incurred on Research and 
Development.
NIL
c. Foreign Exchange Earnings and Outgo
1. Foreign Exchange Earnings by the Company C 7,70,51,67,681
2. Foreign Exchange Expenditure by the Company C 7,89,21,09,710
For and on behalf of the Board of Directors
For Manorama Industries Limited
Place: Raipur 
Date: August 13, 2026
Ashish Ramesh Saraf
Managing Director 
DIN: 00183357
Ashok Jain
Whole Time Director 
DIN: 09791163
104

--- page 108 ---
Annexure IV
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT
OUR COMPANY’S PHILOSOPHY ON CODE OF GOVERNANCE
The Company believes that good Corporate Governance is an important component in enhancing stakeholders’ value and it emerges 
from the application of the best and sound management practices and compliance with the laws coupled with adherence to the 
highest standards of transparency and business ethics. The Company is committed in its responsibility towards the community 
and environment in which it operates, towards its employees and business partners and towards society in general. The Company 
is continuously refining the various processes and systems so that the Company complies with the requirements of Securities and 
Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“SEBI Listing Regulations”) with 
respect to Corporate Governance. As a Company, we believe in implementing Corporate Governance practices that go beyond 
meeting the spirit of law. 
Effective corporate governance forms the foundation of sound decision-making and robust control mechanisms. It acts as a 
strategic toolkit that empowers management and the board to navigate the complexities of business operations more efficiently. 
At Manorama Industries Limited (“Manorama”/ “Company”), there is a steadfast commitment to embracing and upholding best-
in-class corporate governance practices, consistently benchmarking its standards against industry norms. The Company believes 
that maintaining high standards of governance—centered on integrity, transparency, accountability, and responsibility—is essential 
not just for the growth of the corporate sector, but also for fostering inclusive economic development. Manorama acknowledges 
that excellence in corporate governance is a continuous journey—an essential strategy for building resilience and achieving long-
term success. The Company strives to optimally utilize its human talent and financial strength to seize opportunities, promote a 
shared corporate vision, and inspire innovation and entrepreneurial spirit across all levels of the organization.
BOARD OF DIRECTORS
The Company acknowledges that board diversity plays a pivotal role in its overall success. The Board holds the ultimate responsibility 
for the oversight of the Company’s management, offering strategic leadership, guidance, and direction. It is entrusted with the 
necessary powers, authority, and duties to monitor and evaluate the Company’s performance, thereby driving value creation for all 
stakeholders. In fulfilling its fiduciary responsibilities, the Board ensures that management effectively balances and serves both the 
short-term and long-term interests of the stakeholders.
The Board, inter alia, create and monitor the organizational strategic plans, review and guide corporate strategies, oversees and 
assess the annual operations and budgets, evaluate the Company’s practices for business continuity and resiliency.
The Board of Directors (the “Board”) of the Company consists of eminent individuals from industry, management, technical, finance, 
accounting and legal fields. The Company is managed by the Board of Directors in co-ordination with the Senior Management 
team. The composition and strength of the Board is reviewed from time to time for ensuring that it remains aligned with statutory 
as well as business requirements. The Board comprises of an optimum combination of Executive, Non-Executive, Independent 
and Women Directors as required under the Companies Act, 2013 (“Act”) and SEBI Listing Regulations. As on March 31, 2026, the 
Board comprises of Ten (10) Directors, out of which five (5) are Independent Directors, One (1) Chairman and Managing Director 
and Four (4) are Executive Directors. 
None of the Directors including Independent Directors on the Board hold directorship in more than 7 (Seven) listed entities and 
none of the Executive Directors is an Independent Director in any listed Company. None of the Director is a member of more than 
ten committees or acted as Chairperson of more than five committees across all the companies as on 31st March, 2026 for which 
confirmations have been obtained from the Directors (being Audit Committee and Stakeholders Relationship Committee, as per 
Regulation 26(1) of the SEBI Listing Regulations) across all the public limited companies in which he/she is a director.
Composition and Category of Directors
In conformity with Regulation 17 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 and applicable 
provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 (‘Act’), as amended from time to time, your Company has a professional Board with right 
mix of knowledge, skills, experience and expertise in diverse areas with an optimum combination of Executive and Non-Executive 
Directors including a Woman Director and requisite number of Independent Directors.
Manorama Industries Limited
Annual Report 2025-26
Corporate OverviewStatutory ReportsFinancial Statements
105

--- page 109 ---
Name of Directors DIN Category
Mr. Ashish Ramesh Saraf 00183357 Promoter, Chairman and Managing Director 
*Mrs. Vinita Ashish Saraf 00208621 Promoter, Vice-Chairperson and Whole Time Director
Mr. Gautam Kumar Pal 07645652 Whole Time Director
Mr. Shrey Ashish Saraf 07907037 Promoter, Whole Time Director
*Mr. Ashok Jain 09791163 Whole Time Director and CFO
Mr. Jose Vailappallil Joseph 08540226 Non-Executive and Independent Director
*Mr. Nipun Sumanlal Mehta 00255831 Non-Executive and Independent Director
*Mr. Mudit Kumar Singh 03276749 Non-Executive and Independent Director
Ms. Veni Mocherla 08082163 Non-Executive and Independent Director
*Ms. Subhaprada Nishtala 08124635 Non-Executive and Independent Director
Mr. Ashish Bakliwal (DIN: 05149608) has ceased to hold office as a Non-Executive Independent Director of the Company upon the 
completion of his second term, effective from April 30, 2025.
*Ms. Subhaprada Nishtala (DIN: 08124635) has been appointed as an Additional Director in the category of Non-Executive 
Independent Director for the first term of five (5) consecutive years commencing from April 26, 2025 to April 25, 2030. The same 
was approved by the members of the Company through postal ballot on June 11, 2025 and regularized in the category of Non-
Executive Independent Director.
*Mrs. Vinita Ashish Saraf (DIN: 00208621), who was liable to retire by rotation at the Annual General Meeting held on August 28, 
2025, being eligible, offered herself for re-appointment and was accordingly re-appointed at the said Annual General Meeting.
*Mr. Ashok Jain (DIN: 09791163) has been re-appointed as a Whole-time Director of the Company for period of 3 (Three) years 
with effect from November 15, 2025 to November 14, 2028. The same was approved by the members of the Company in Annual 
General Meeting held on August 28, 2025.
*Mr. Nipun Sumanlal Mehta (DIN: 00255831) has been re-appointed as an Independent Director of the Company for his second 
term of 5 (five) years w.e.f. March 05, 2026 to March 04, 2031 (both days inclusive). The same was approved by the members 
through postal ballot on March 01, 2026.
*Mr. Mudit Kumar Singh (DIN: 03276749) was appointed as a Non-Executive Independent Director of the Company for a period of 
Five (5) consecutive years effective from September 06, 2021. The tenure of Mr. Mudit Kumar Singh is due to expire on September 
05, 2026. 
BOARD MEETINGS
The Company adheres to the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013, Secretarial Standards and SEBI Listing Regulations with 
respect to convening and holding the meetings of the Board of Directors and its Committees. The Board meets at regular intervals 
to discuss and decide on business strategies/policies and review the financial performance of the Company. The notice and 
detailed agenda along with the relevant notes and other material information are sent in advance separately to each director and 
in exceptional cases tabled at the meeting with the approval of the Board. This ensures timely and informed decisions are made 
by the Board. The Directors are given the option to attend Board/Committee meetings via video conferencing. The Board has 
complete access to any information within the Company. In case of exigencies or urgency of the matter, resolutions by circulation, 
as permitted by law for such matters is passed by Board/ Committees, which are noted and confirmed in the subsequent Board/
Committee Meeting.
Board Meetings are generally held at the Corporate office of the Company either through video conference or through physical 
presence. The necessary quorum was present in all the meetings.
The Board reviews the performance of the Company vis-à-vis the budgets/targets. During the financial year 2025-26, the Board 
met Six (6) times.
106

--- page 110 ---
Sr. No Date of the Meeting No. of Directors entitled to 
attend
No. of Directors attended 
the meeting
1 April 26, 2025 10 10
2 July 25, 2025 10 10
3 August 28, 2025 10 10
4 October 17, 2025 10 9
5 January 28, 2026 10 10
6 March 12, 2026 10 10
The interval between two meetings was well within the maximum period mentioned under Section 173 of the Companies Act, 2013, 
Secretarial Standards-1 (issued by the Institute of Company Secretaries of India) and the SEBI Listing Regulations.
Attendance of Directors at the Board Meetings held during the financial year 2025-26 and the last Annual General Meeting 
held on August 28, 2025 and the number of other Directorship(s) and Committee Membership(s) or Chairpersonship(s) held by 
Directors in other Companies:
Name of Director No. of Board Meetings 
during the year
Attendance 
at last AGM
No. of other
Director 
ships
(as on
31.03.2026)
No. of Board 
Committees of 
other company’s 
directorship in which 
director is a Member /
Chairperson
(as on 31.03.2026)
Shareholding 
of Executive/
Non-Executive
Directors
(as on 
31.03.2026)
Held or Eligible 
for Meeting
Attended Member Chairperson
Mr. Ashish Ramesh Saraf 6 6 Yes 0 0 0 2,75,68,720
Mrs. Vinita Ashish Saraf 6 6 Yes 4 0 0 45,67,292
Mr. Gautam Kumar Pal 6 6 Yes 0 0 0 10,000
Mr. Shrey Ashish Saraf 6 6 Yes 4 0 0 1,48,697
Mr. Ashok Jain 6 6 Yes 0 0 0 19,380
Mr. Nipun Sumanlal Mehta 6 6 Yes 1 0 0 NIL
Mr. Jose Vailappallil Joseph 6 5 Yes 2 0 0 NIL 
Mr. Mudit Kumar Singh 6 6 Yes 1 0 0 NIL 
Ms. Veni Mocherla 6 6 Yes 0 0 0 NIL 
Ms. Subhaprada Nishtala 5 5 Yes 0 0 0 NIL
*Mr. Ashish Bakliwal 1 1 NA 5 0 0 NIL
*Mr. Ashish Bakliwal has completed his second term as Independent Director of the Company on April 30, 2025. Therefore, Ms. 
Subhaprada Nishtala was appointed as an Additional Director in the category of Non-Executive Independent Director in their 
meeting held on April 26, 2025 for the first term of five (5) consecutive years commencing from April 26, 2025 to April 25, 2030 (both 
days inclusive). The same was approved by the members of the Company through postal ballot on June 11, 2025 and regularized 
in the category of Non-Executive Independent Director.
Notes:
1. Dir ectorships exclude foreign companies, companies formed under Section 25 of the Companies Act, 1956 and Section 8 of 
the Companies Act, 2013.
2. Abo ve mentioned directorship(s) includes directorships in all listed, unlisted and private limited companies excluding 
Manorama Industries Limited.
3. As required by Regulation 26 of the SEBI Listing Regulations, the disclosure includes membership(s)/ chairpersonship(s) of 
the Audit Committee and Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee in Indian Public Companies (listed and unlisted) excluding 
Manorama Industries Limited.
Manorama Industries Limited
Annual Report 2025-26
Corporate OverviewStatutory ReportsFinancial Statements
107

--- page 111 ---
4. Membership( s) of Committees includes chairpersonship(s), if any.
5. None of the directors hold directorship(s) in more than 20 companies of which directorship in public companies does not 
exceed 10 in line with the provisions of Section 165 of the Companies Act, 2013 and in listed entities does not exceed 7 in line 
with the provision of Regulation 17A of SEBI Listing Regulations.
6. No director holds membership(s) of more than 10 committees of Board, nor is a chairperson of more than 5 committees of 
Board across all listed entities in which he/she is a director.
List of Directorship Held in other Listed Companies
Name of the Director Name of the other Listed Entity Category of Directorship
Mr. Ashish Ramesh Saraf NIL NIL
Mrs. Vinita Ashish Saraf NIL NIL
Mr. Gautam Kumar Pal NIL NIL
Mr. Shrey Ashish Saraf NIL NIL
Mr. Ashok Jain NIL NIL
Mr. Jose Vailappallil Joseph NIL NIL
Mr. Nipun Sumanlal Mehta NIL NIL
Mr. Mudit Kumar Singh NIL NIL
*Ms. Veni Mocherla NIL NIL
Ms. Subhaprada Nishtala NIL NIL
*Mr. Ashish Bakliwal 1. Shentracon Chemicals Ltd
2. Meta Infotech Limited
Independent Director
*Mr. Ashish Bakliwal (DIN: 05149608) has ceased to hold office as a Non-Executive Independent Director of the Company upon the 
completion of his second term, effective from April 30, 2025.
*Ms. Veni Mocherla ceased to hold office in NACL Industries Limited as a Director w.e.f. August 08, 2025.
SEPARATE MEETING OF INDEPENDENT DIRECTORS
The Independent Directors met on March 12, 2026, without the attendance of Non-Independent Directors and members of the 
Management, inter alia, to discuss the performance of Non-Independent Directors and the Board as a whole, the performance of 
the Chairperson of the Company taking into account the views of Executive and Non-Executive Directors and assessed the quality, 
quantity and timeliness of flow of information between the Company management and the Board that is necessary for the Board 
to effectively and reasonably perform its duties. 
FAMILIARISATION PROGRAMME
All Non-Executive Directors inducted to the Board are introduced to the Company’s culture through an orientation programme. 
Managing Director (MD), Chief Financial Officer (CFO) and senior management provide an overview of operations and familiarise 
the new Non-Executive Directors with the organisation structure, Board procedures, operations of the Company, etc.
Pursuant to Regulation 46 of the SEBI Listing Regulations, the details required are available on the website of the Company at the 
web link at https://manoramagroup.co.in/investors-company-announcements#others.
DISCLOSURE OF RELATIONSHIPS BETWEEN DIRECTORS INTER-SE: 
Mr. Ashish Ramesh Saraf, Mrs. Vinita Ashish Saraf and Mr. Shrey Ashish Saraf are related to each other. Rest of the directors are 
not related to each other.
NUMBER OF SHARES AND CONVERTIBLE INSTRUMENTS HELD BY NON- EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
The Non-Executive Directors does not hold any shares in the Company. Additionally, the Company has not issued any convertible 
instruments.
108

--- page 112 ---
LIST OF CORE SKILLS/ EXPERTISE/ COMPETENCIES TO BE IDENTIFIED BY THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS.
The skills/expertise/competencies required for the effective functioning of the Company includes leadership and general 
management, strategic and business planning, technology, accounting and finance, compliance and risk management. The 
Directors of the Company bring with them a wide range of skills and experience to the Board, which enhances the quality of the 
Board’s decision-making process. The Board of the Company comprises of qualified members who possess the required skills, 
expertise and competencies that allow them to make effective contributions to the Board and its Committees. 
The Board has identified the following skill/expertise and competencies of Board members for effective functioning of the Board 
which are currently available with all the Directors of the Company:
Sr. No Skill and Expertise of Board of Directors
1. Experience of laws, rules, regulation policies applicable to the organisation/ industry/ sector and level/ status of 
compliances thereof by the organisation
2. Experience of the best corporate governance practices, relevant governance codes,
3. Experience of business ethics, ethical policies, codes and practices of the organisation
4. Understanding of the structures and systems which enable the organisation to effectively identify, assess and manage 
risks and crises
5. Experience in overseeing large and complex Supply Chain
6. Leadership experience of running large enterprise
7. Finance and Accounting Experience
In the table below, the key skills, expertise and competence of the Board of Directors in the context of the Company’s business 
for effective functioning and as available with the Board have been highlighted
Sr. 
No
Board Parameters Name of Directors (√) the appropriate column
ARS VAS AJ GKP SAS NSM MKS JVJ VM SN
1. Experience of laws, rules, regulation 
policies applicable to the organisation/ 
industry/ sector and level/ status 
of compliances thereof by the 
organisation
√ √ √ √ √ √ √ √ √ √
2. Experience of the best corporate 
governance practices, relevant 
governance codes
√ √ √ √ √ √ √ √ √ √
3. Experience of business ethics, ethical 
policies, codes and practices of the 
organisation
√ √ √ √ √ √ √ √ √ √
4. Understanding of the structures 
and systems which enable the 
organisation to effectively identify, 
asses and manage risks and crises
√ √ √ √ √ √ √ √ √ √
5. Experience in overseeing large and 
complex Supply Chain √ √ √ √ √ √ √ √ √ √
6. Leadership experience of running 
large enterprise √ √ √ √ √ √ √ √ √ √
7 Finance and accounting expirence √ √ √ √ √ √ √ √ √ √
*ARS: Ashish Ramesh Saraf, VAS: Vinita Ashish Saraf, AJ: Ashok Jain, GKP : Gautam Kumar Pal, SAS: Shrey Ashish Saraf, NSM: 
Nipun Sumanlal Mehta, MKS: Mudit Kumar Singh, JVJ: Jose Vailappallil Joseph, VM: Veni Mocherla, SN: Subhaprada Nishtala
Manorama Industries Limited
Annual Report 2025-26
Corporate OverviewStatutory ReportsFinancial Statements
109

--- page 113 ---
INDEPENDENT DIRECTORS
The Board of Directors of the Company consists of 5 (five) Independent Directors and the Board confirms that, in its opinion, all the 
Independent Directors fulfil the conditions as specified in Section 149(6) of the Companies Act, 2013 and Regulation 16(1)(b) of 
SEBI Listing Regulations and are independent of the management.
The Company has received declarations from the Independent Directors confirming that they meet the criteria of independence 
as prescribed under Section 149(6) of the Act read with Regulation 16(1)(b) of the SEBI Listing Regulations. In terms of Regulation 
25(8) of the SEBI Listing Regulations, the Independent Directors have confirmed that they are not aware of any circumstances or 
situations which exist or may be reasonably anticipated that could impair or impact their ability to discharge their duties with an 
objective independent judgment and without any external influence. The Board of Directors have taken on record the declaration 
and confirmation submitted by the Independent Directors after undertaking due assessment of the veracity of the same. 
In terms of Section 150 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Rule 6 of the Companies (Appointment & Qualification of Directors) 
Rules, 2014, all the Independent Directors of the Company have confirmed that they have duly registered their names in the 
databank of Independent Directors as being maintained by the Indian Institute of Corporate Affairs (IICA). All the Independent 
Directors are exempted/has passed the online proficiency test conducted by the Indian Institute of Corporate Affairs.
Mr. Ashish Bakliwal (DIN: 05149608) has ceased to hold office as a Non-Executive Independent Director of the Company upon the 
completion of his second term, effective form April 30, 2025.
Ms. Subhaprada Nishtala (DIN: 08124635) has been appointed as an Additional Director in the category of Non-Executive 
Independent Director for the first term of five (5) consecutive years commencing from April 26, 2025 to April 25, 2030. The same 
was approved by the members of the Company through postal ballot on June 11, 2025, and regularized to Independent Director in 
the category of Non-Executive Independent Director.
Mr. Nipun Sumanlal Mehta (DIN: 00255831), was appointed as a Non-Executive Independent Director on the Board of Directors 
of your Company for a period of Five (5) consecutive years effective from March 05, 2021. His term was expired on March 04, 
2026. The Board of Directors on recommendation of Nomination and Remuneration Committee approved the reappointment of  
Mr. Nipun Sumanlal Mehta on January 28, 2026, as the Non-Executive Independent Director of the Company for second term of 
Five (5) years with effect from March 05, 2026 to March 04, 2031 (both days inclusive). The same was approved by the members 
of the Company by passing Special Resolution through postal ballot on March 01, 2026.
Mr. Mudit Kumar Singh (DIN: 03276749) was appointed as a Non-Executive Independent Director of the Company for a period of 
Five (5) consecutive years effective from September 06, 2021. The tenure of Mr. Mudit Kumar Singh is due to expire on September 
05, 2026. 
During the year under review, no Independent Director of the Company tendered his/her resignation.
COMMITTEES OF THE BOARD
The Board Committees play a crucial role in ensuring good Corporate Governance practices. Committees are constituted to focus 
on those aspects of business that require special attention and ensure speedy resolution of the diverse matters. The Committees 
of the Board are guided by their Charter or Terms of Reference, which outline their composition, scope, power, duties and 
responsibilities. Basis the recommendations, suggestions and observations of these Committees, the Board of Directors take an 
informed decision. The Chairman of respective Committees update the Board on the deliberations at the Committee meetings. The 
Board supervises the execution of its responsibilities by the Committees and is responsible for their action. Further, the minutes of 
all the Committee meetings are placed before the Board for review.
As on 31st March, 2026, there were 7 (Seven) standing Committees, namely: -
A. A udit Committee
B. Nom ination and Remuneration Committee
C. Sta keholders Relationship Committee
110

--- page 114 ---
D. Ris k Management Committee
E. Corporate Social Responsib ility Committee
F. Fina nce and Operations Committee
G. Inv estment Committee
AUDIT COMMITTEE
The Board of Directors has constituted a qualified and independent Audit Committee to acts as a link between the Management, 
the Statutory Auditors, Internal Auditors and the Board of Directors to oversee the financial reporting process of the Company. All 
the members of the Committee are financially literate and experienced and bring in the specialized knowledge and proficiency in 
the fields of accounting, audit, finance, taxation, compliance, strategy and management.
The constitution and terms of reference of the Audit Committee are in compliance with Section 177 of the Companies Act, 2013 
and Regulation 18 of the SEBI Listing Regulations. 
The Company Secretary and Compliance Officer of the Company, acts as the Secretary to the Committee. The Statutory Auditors 
and Internal Auditors also attended the Audit Committee meetings by invitation. 
The Audit Committee also receives the report on compliance under the Code of Conduct for Prohibition of Insider Trading 
Regulations, 2015. Further, Compliance Reports under Whistle Blower Policy are also placed before the Committee. The details 
of the Audit Committee are also available on the website of the Company https://manoramagroup.co.in/investors-corporate-
governance.
Terms of Reference
The Committee is governed by the terms of reference which are in line with the regulatory requirements mandated under Section 
177 of the Act and Regulation 18 read with Part C of Schedule II of SEBI Listing Regulations. The terms of reference of Audit 
Committee as approved by the Board as on March 31, 2026 are as follows:
• Ov erseeing the Company’s financial reporting process and disclosure of its financial information to ensure that its financial 
statements are correct, sufficient and credible;
• Recommending to the Board the appointment, remuneration and terms of appointment of the statutory auditor of the 
Company;
• Re viewing and monitoring the statutory auditor’s independence and performance, and effectiveness of audit process;
• Appr oving payments to statutory auditors for any other services rendered by the statutory auditors;
• Re viewing, with the management, the annual financial statements and auditor’s report thereon before submission to the 
Board for approval, with particular reference to:
- Matters r equired to be included in the Director’s Responsibility Statement to be included in the Board’s report in terms of 
clause (c) of sub-section 3 of Section 134 of the Companies Act, 2013;
- Cha nges, if any, in accounting policies and practices and reasons for the same;
- Major accounting entries inv olving estimates based on the exercise of judgment by management;
- Sig nificant adjustments made in the financial statements arising out of audit findings;
- Compliance with listing and  other legal requirements relating to financial statements;
- Disclosur e of any related party transactions; and
- Modified opinion(s) in the dr aft audit report.
• Re viewing, with the management, the quarterly, half-yearly and annual financial statements before submission to the Board 
for approval;
Manorama Industries Limited
Annual Report 2025-26
Corporate OverviewStatutory ReportsFinancial Statements
111

--- page 115 ---
• Re viewing, with the management, the statement of uses/ application of funds raised through an issue (public issue, rights 
issue, preferential issue, etc.), the statement of funds utilised for purposes other than those stated in the offer document/ 
prospectus/ notice and the report submitted by the monitoring agency monitoring the utilisation of proceeds of a public or 
rights issue or preferential issue or qualified institutions placement and making appropriate recommendations to the Board to 
take up steps in this matter. This also includes monitoring the use/application of the funds raised through the proposed initial 
public offer by the Company;
• Appr oval or any subsequent modifications of transactions of the Company with related parties;
• Scr utinizing of inter-corporate loans and investments;
• V aluation of undertakings or assets of the Company, wherever it is necessary;
• E valuating of internal financial controls and risk management systems;
• Establishing a vigil mechani sm for Directors and employees to report their genuine concerns or grievances
• Re viewing, with the management, the performance of statutory and internal auditors, and adequacy of the internal control 
systems;
• Re viewing the adequacy of internal audit function if any, including the structure of the internal audit department, staffing and 
seniority of the official heading the department, reporting structure coverage and frequency of internal audit;
• Discussing with internal aud itors on any significant findings and follow up there on;
• Re viewing the findings of any internal investigations by the internal auditors into matters where there is suspected fraud or 
irregularity or a failure of internal control systems of a material nature and reporting the matter to the Board;
• Discussing with statutory auditors before the audit commences, about the nature and scope of audit as well as post-audit 
discussion to ascertain any area of concern;
• Loo king into the reasons for substantial defaults in the payment to the depositors, debenture holders, shareholders (in case 
of non-payment of declared dividends) and creditors;
• Re viewing the functioning of the whistle blower mechanism;
• Appr oving the appointment of the chief financial officer or any other person heading the finance function or discharging that 
function after assessing the qualifications, experience and background, etc. of the candidate; 
• Carr ying out any other function as is mentioned in the terms of reference of the Audit Committee and any other terms 
of reference as may be decided by the Board and/or specified/provided under the Companies Act, 2013, the SEBI Listing 
Regulations or by any other regulatory authority.
• Re viewing the utilization of loans and/ or advances from/investment by the holding company in any subsidiary exceeding 
rupees 100 crore or 10% of the asset size of the subsidiary, whichever is lower including existing loans / advances / investments 
existing as on the date of coming into force of this provision i.e. April 1, 2019, and henceforth.
• Re viewing management discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations, management letters / letters 
of internal control weaknesses issued by the statutory auditors, internal audit reports relating to internal control weaknesses, 
the appointment, removal and terms of remuneration of the chief internal auditor shall be subject to review by the audit 
committee and statement of deviations
• Con sider and comment on rationale, cost-benefits and impact of schemes involving merger, demerger, amalgamation etc., on 
the listed entity and its shareholders.
• Appr oval or any subsequent modification of transactions of the company with related parties
• Monitoring the end use of fu nds raised through public offers and related matters.
• The  Audit Committee may call for the comments of the auditors about internal control systems, the scope of audit, including 
the observations of the auditors and review of financial statement before their submission to the Board and may also discuss 
any related issues with the internal and statutory auditors and the management of the company.
112

--- page 116 ---
• The  Audit Committee shall have authority to investigate into any matter in relation to the items specified in Section 177(4) or 
referred to it by the Board and for this purpose shall have power to obtain professional advice from external sources and have 
full access to information contained in the records of the company.
• The  auditors of a company and the key managerial personnel shall have a right to be heard in the meetings of the Audit 
Committee when it considers the auditor’s report but shall not have the right to vote.
• The  vigil mechanism shall provide for adequate safeguards against victimisation of persons who use such mechanism and 
shall provide direct access to the Chairperson of the Audit Committee in appropriate or exceptional cases.
Composition and Attendance
The Audit Committee met Five (5) times during the financial year 2025-26 i.e. on April 26, 2025, July 25, 2025, August 28, 2025, 
October 17, 2025 and January 28, 2026. The maximum gap between two meetings was not more than 120 days. Minutes of all the 
meetings of the Audit Committee are circulated to all the members of the Board and are placed in the next scheduled meeting of 
the Board, for discussion and review thereof.
The composition of the Audit Committee and the details of meetings attended by the directors during the financial year ended 
March 31, 2026 are given below:
Name of Members Designation Category No. of meetings
Held Attended
*Mr. Ashish Bakliwal Chairman Non-Executive - 
Independent Director
1 1
Mr. Jose  Vailappallil Joseph Member Non-Executive - 
Independent Director
5 4
Mr. Nipun Sumanlal Mehta Member Non-Executive - 
Independent Director
5 5
Mr. Mudit Kumar Singh Member Non-Executive - 
Independent Director
5 5
Mr. Ashok Jain Member Whole-time Director 5 5
*Mr. Ashish Bakliwal (DIN: 05149608) has completed his second term as Independent Director of the Company on April 30, 2025 
and ceased to be the member of the Audit Committee.
The Audit Committee was reconstituted by the Board of Directors of the Company in their meeting held on July 25, 2025. Below are 
the details of the new constitution of Audit Committee as on March 31, 2026:
Name of Members Designation Category
*Mr. Jose  Vailappallil Joseph Chairman Non-Executive - Independent Director
Mr. Nipun Sumanlal Mehta Member Non-Executive - Independent Director
Mr. Mudit Kumar Singh Member Non-Executive - Independent Director
Mr. Ashok Jain Member Whole-time Director
*Mr. Jose  Vailappallil Joseph appointed as chairman of Audit Committee in Board Meeting held on July 25, 2025.
The Chairman of the Audit Committee attended the last AGM held on August 28, 2025 to answer the shareholders’ queries.
NOMINATION AND REMUNERATION COMMITTEE
The constitution and the terms of reference of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee (“NRC”) are in compliance with 
Section 178(1) of the Companies Act, 2013 and Regulation 19 of the SEBI Listing Regulations. As on 31st March, 2026 the 
Committee comprises solely of Independent Directors. The Company Secretary and Compliance Officer, acts as Secretary to 
the Committee. The Nomination and Remuneration Committee inter alia oversees the Company’s nomination process including 
succession planning for the senior management and the Board and recommend a policy for their remuneration. The details of the 
NRC are also available on the website of the Company https://manoramagroup.co.in/investors-corporate-governance
Manorama Industries Limited
Annual Report 2025-26
Corporate OverviewStatutory ReportsFinancial Statements
113

--- page 117 ---
All the recommendations made by the Nomination and Remuneration Committee during the Financial Year 2025-26 under review 
were duly accepted by the Board.
Terms of Reference
The terms of reference of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee as on March 31, 2026 are as follows:
• F ormulating the criteria for determining qualifications, positive attributes and independence of a director and recommending 
to the Board a policy, relating to the remuneration of the Directors, key managerial personnel and other employees;
• F or every appointment of an independent director, the Nomination and Remuneration Committee shall evaluate the balance 
of skills, knowledge and experience on the Board and on the basis of such evaluation, prepare a description of the role and 
capabilities required of an independent director. The person recommended to the Board for appointment as an independent 
director shall have the capabilities identified in such description. For the purpose of identifying suitable candidates, the 
Committee may: 
a. Use the services of an external agencies, if required;
b. Consider candidates from a wide range of backgrounds, having due regard to diversity; and
c. Consider the time commitments of the candidates.
• F ormulating of criteria for appointment and evaluation of the performance of the Independent Directors and the Board;
• De vising a policy on Board diversity;
• Iden tifying persons who qualify to become Directors or who may be appointed in senior management in accordance with the 
criteria laid down, recommending to the Board their appointment and removal, and carrying out evaluations of every Director’s 
performance;
• Det ermining whether to extend or continue the term of appointment of the Independent Director, on the basis of the report of 
performance evaluation of Independent Directors;
• Ana lysing, monitoring and reviewing various human resource and compensation matters;
• Det ermining the Company’s policy on specific remuneration packages for Executive Directors including pension rights and 
any compensation payment, and determining remuneration packages of such Directors;
• Det ermining compensation levels payable to the senior management personnel and other staff (as deemed necessary), which 
shall be market-related, usually consisting of a fixed and variable component;
• Re viewing and approving compensation strategy from time to time in the context of the then current Indian market in 
accordance with applicable laws;
• P erforming such functions as are required to be performed by the compensation committee under the Securities and 
Exchange Board of India (Share Based Employee Benefits) Regulations, 2014, as amended;
• F raming suitable policies and systems to ensure that there is no violation, by an employee of any applicable laws in India or 
overseas, including:
- The  Securities and Exchange Board of India (Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations, 2015, as amended; or
- The  Securities and Exchange Board of India (Prohibition of Fraudulent and Unfair Trade Practices relating to the Securities 
Market) Regulations, 2003, as amended.
• P erforming such other activities as may be delegated by the Board and/or specified/provided under the Companies Act, 2013 
the SEBI Listing Regulations or by any other regulatory authority; 
• Recommend to the Boar d, all remuneration, in whatever form, payable to senior management.
114

--- page 118 ---
• The  Nomination and Remuneration Committee shall identify persons who are qualified to become Directors and who may 
be appointed in senior management in accordance with the criteria laid down, recommend to the Board their appointment 
and removal and shall specify the manner for effective evaluation of performance of Board, its committees and individual 
Directors to be carried out either by the Board, by the Nomination and Remuneration Committee or by an independent external 
agency and review its implementation and compliance.
• The  Nomination and Remuneration Committee shall formulate the criteria for determining qualifications, positive attributes 
and independence of a Director and recommend to the Board a policy, relating to the remuneration for the Directors, key 
managerial personnel and other employees.
• The  Nomination and Remuneration Committee shall, while formulating the policy under ensure that—
(a) the  level and composition of remuneration is reasonable and sufficient to attract, retain and motivate Directors of the 
quality required to run the Company successfully;
(b) r elationship of remuneration to performance is clear and meets appropriate performance benchmarks; and
(c)  remuneration to Directors, key managerial personnel and senior management involves a balance between fixed and 
incentive pay reflecting short and long-term performance objectives appropriate to the working of the company and its 
goals.
• The  Chairperson of the committee or, in his absence, any other member of the committee authorised by him shall attend the 
general meetings of the company.
Composition and Attendance
The Nomination and Remuneration Committee met four (4) times during the financial year 2025-26 i.e. on April 26, 2025, July 25, 
2025, January 28, 2026 and March 12, 2026. The composition of Nomination and Remuneration Committee and attendance of 
Committee members during the financial year ended March 31, 2026 are given below:
Name of Members Designation Category No. of meetings
Held Attended
Mr. Nipun Sumanlal Mehta Chairman Non-Executive Independent Director 4 4
Mr. Jose  Vailappallil Joseph Member Non-Executive Independent Director 4 4
Mr. Mudit Kumar Singh Member Non-Executive Independent Director 4 4
Ms. Subhaprada Nishtala Member Non-Executive Independent Director 2 2
*Mr. Ashish Bakliwal Member Non-Executive Independent Director 1 0
*Mr. Ashish Bakliwal (DIN: 05149608) has completed his second term as Independent Director of the Company on April 30, 2025
The Nomination and Remuneration Committee was reconstituted by the Board of Directors of the Company in their meeting held 
on July 25, 2025. Below are the details of the new constitution of Nomination and Remuneration Committee as on March 31, 2026:
Name of Members Designation Category
Mr. Nipun Sumanlal Mehta Chairman Non-Executive Independent Director
Mr. Jose  Vailappallil Joseph Member Non-Executive Independent Director
Mr. Mudit Kumar Singh Member Non-Executive Independent Director
*Ms. Subhaprada Nishtala Member Non-Executive Independent Director
*Ms. Subhaprada Nishtala was appointed as member of Nomination and Remuneration Committee in the Board Meeting held on 
July 25, 2025.
Manorama Industries Limited
Annual Report 2025-26
Corporate OverviewStatutory ReportsFinancial Statements
115

--- page 119 ---
PERFORMANCE EVALUATION CRITERIA FOR INDEPENDENT DIRECTORS
The criteria for performance evaluation of directors, Board etc. cover the areas relevant to the functioning of Independent Directors 
such as preparation, participation, conduct and effectiveness. The Board evaluation for financial year 2025-26 was completed and 
summary of findings and recommendations were discussed by the Directors.
The Board has put in place a mechanism for evaluation of its own performance and performance of its Committees and individual 
directors. The evaluation of the Board, Committees, Directors and Chairperson of the Board was conducted based on the evaluation 
parameters, such as Board composition and structure, effectiveness of the Board, participation at meetings, domain knowledge, 
awareness and observance of governance, etc. Pursuant to the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 and the applicable provisions 
of the SEBI Listing Regulations, the Annual Performance Evaluation was carried out during the financial year 2025-26.
A structured questionnaire covering various aspects of the Board’s functioning such as adequacy of the composition of the Board 
and its Committees, Board culture, execution and performance of specific duties, obligations and governance was prepared.
A separate exercise was carried out to evaluate the performance of individual Directors including the Chairman of the Board 
who were evaluated on parameters such as guidance/ support to Management outside Board/ Committee meetings, degree of 
fulfillment of key responsibilities, effectiveness of meetings etc. The performance evaluation of the Independent Directors was 
carried out by the entire Board, excluding the Director being evaluated. The Performance evaluation of the Chairman and the Non-
Independent Directors was carried out by the Independent Directors. The Directors expressed their satisfaction with the evaluation 
process
PERFORMANCE EVALUATION OF THE BOARD AND COMMITTEES OF THE BOARD
In terms of the requirement of the Companies Act, 2013 and the SEBI Listing Regulations, an annual performance evaluation of 
the Board is undertaken where the Board formally assesses its own performance with the aim to improve the effectiveness of the 
Board and the Committees.
The Company has a structured assessment process for evaluation of performance of the Board, Committees of the Board and 
individual performance of each Director including the Chairperson.
Board of Directors
The parameters of the performance evaluation process for the Board, inter alia, considers work done by the Board around long-
term strategy, rating the composition & mix of Board members, discharging its governance & fiduciary duties, handling critical and 
dissenting suggestions, etc. The parameters of the performance evaluation process for Directors includes effective participation 
in meetings of the Board, domain knowledge, vision, strategy, attendance of Director(s), etc. Independent Directors were evaluated 
by the entire Board with respect to fulfillment of independence criteria as specified in the SEBI Listing Regulations and their 
independence from the Management
STAKEHOLDERS’ RELATIONSHIP COMMITTEE
The constitution and the terms of reference of the Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee (“SRC”) are in compliance with Section 
178 of the Companies Act, 2013 and Regulation 20 of the SEBI Listing Regulations. The Committee comprises of 5 (Five) directors, 
being 4 (Four) Non-Executive Directors and 1 (One) Executive Director. The Chairman of the Committee is a Non-Executive 
Independent Director. The Company Secretary and Compliance Officer, acts as Secretary to the Committee. The details of the SRC 
are also available on the website of the Company https://manoramagroup.co.in/investors-corporate-governance.
Terms of Reference
The terms of reference of the Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee as on March 31, 2026 are as follows:
• Con sider and resolve grievances of security holders of the Company, including complaints related to transfer/transmission of 
shares, non-receipt of annual report, non-receipt of declared dividends, issue of new/duplicate certificates, general meetings, 
etc;
116

--- page 120 ---
• Re view of measures taken for effective exercise of voting rights by shareholders. Review of adherence to the service standards 
adopted by the Company in respect of various services being rendered by the Registrar and Share Transfer Agent.
• Re view of the various measures and initiatives taken by the Company for reducing the quantum of unclaimed dividends and 
ensuring timely receipt of dividend warrants/annual reports/statutory notices by the shareholders of the Company.
• F ormulation of procedures in line with the statutory guidelines to ensure speedy disposal of various requests received from 
shareholders from time to time;
• T o approve, register, refuse to register transfer or transmission of shares and other securities;
• T o sub-divide, consolidate and or replace any share or other securities certificate(s) of the Company;
• Allotment and listing of shar es;
• T o authorize affixation of common seal of the Company;
• T o issue duplicate share or other security(ies) certificate(s) in lieu of the original share/security(ies) certificate(s) of the 
Company;
• T o approve the transmission of shares or other securities arising as a result of death of the sole/any joint shareholder;
• T o dematerialize or rematerialize the issued shares;
• Ensur e proper and timely attendance and redressal of investor queries and grievances;
• Carr ying out any other functions contained in the Companies Act, 2013 and/or equity listing agreements (if applicable), as and 
when amended from time to time; and
• T o further delegate all or any of the power to any other employee(s), officer(s), representative(s), consultant(s), professional(s), 
or agent(s).
Composition and Attendance
The Stakeholders Relationship Committee (“SRC”) met once during the financial year ended March 31, 2026 on January 28, 2026. 
The composition of Stakeholders Relationship Committee and attendance of Committee members during the financial year 2025-
26 are given below:
Name of Members Designation Category No. of meetings
Held Attended
Mr. Jose Vailappallil Joseph Chairman Non-Executive-Independent Director 1 1
Mr. Nipun Sumanlal Mehta Member Non-Executive-Independent Director 1 1
Mr. Mudit Kumar Singh Member Non-Executive-Independent Director 1 1
*Mr. Ashish Ramesh Saraf Member Managing Director 1 1
Ms. Subhaprada Nishtala Member Non-Executive-Independent Director 1 1
*Mr. Ashish Bakliwal Member Non-Executive-Independent Director 0 0
*Mr. Ashish Bakliwal has completed his second term as Independent Director of the Company on April 30, 2025.
The SRC was reconstituted by the Board of Directors of the Company in their meeting held on July 25, 2025. Below are the details 
of the new constitution of SRC as on March 31, 2026:
Manorama Industries Limited
Annual Report 2025-26
Corporate OverviewStatutory ReportsFinancial Statements
117

--- page 121 ---
Name of Members Designation Category
Mr. Jose  Vailappallil Joseph Chairman Non-Executive - Independent Director
*Mr. Ashish Ramesh Saraf Member Managing Director
Mr. Nipun Sumanlal Mehta Member Non-Executive - Independent Director
Mr. Mudit Kumar Singh Member Non-Executive - Independent Director
*Ms. Subhaprada Nishtala Member Non-Executive - Independent Director
*Ms. Subhaprada Nishtala was appointed as member of Stakeholders and Relationship Committee in Board Meeting held on July 
25, 2025.
*Mr. Ashish Ramesh Saraf was appointed as a member of the committee w.e.f January 21, 2025.
Details of Investors’ Complaints
As a measure of speedy redressal of investor grievances, the Company has registered on SCORES (SEBI Complaints Redress 
System) platform, a web based centralized grievance redress system set up by SEBI to capture investor complaints against listed 
companies. The “SCORES” website of SEBI for redressing the grievances of the Investors is being visited at regular intervals by the 
Company Secretary and Compliance officer of the Company and there are no pending complaints registered with SCORES for the 
financial year ended on March 31, 2026.
Name and Designation of Compliance Officer
Mr. Deepak Sharma (Mem. No. A48707) is a Company Secretary and Compliance Officer of the Company
The details of shareholders’ complaints received and disposed off, after the listing of shares of the Company, during the year under 
review are as under:
Number of Investor Complaints Particulars
Pending at the beginning of the financial year 0
Received during the financial year 0
Disposed off during the financial year 0
Pending at the end of the financial year 0
RISK MANAGEMENT COMMITTEE
The constitution and the terms of reference of the Risk Management Committee (“RMC”) are in compliance with Regulation 21 of 
the SEBI Listing Regulations. The Committee comprises of six (6) Directors with Independent Director being the Chairman of the  
Committee. The Company Secretary and Compliance Officer, acts as Secretary to the Committee
The Risk Management Committee is responsible for formulation, monitoring and overseeing the implementation of a risk 
management policy which inter-alia shall include risk identification, evaluation, mitigation, control process for such risks and 
business continuity plan. Further, the Committee also evaluates the adequacy of risk management systems and is responsible 
for monitoring and reviewing risk management policy of the Company by reviewing the changing industry dynamics and evolving 
complexity. The Risk Management Committee comprising of Board members to identify various risks that the Company is expose 
to and framework, implementation and monitoring the risk management plan for the Company. The details of the RMC are also 
available on the website of the Company https://manoramagroup.co.in/investors-corporate-governance.
Terms of Reference
The terms of reference of the Risk Management Committee as on March 31, 2026 are as follows:
•  T o formulate a detailed risk management policy which shall include:
118

--- page 122 ---
(a)  A framework for identification of internal and external risks specifically faced by the listed entity, in particular including 
financial, operational, sectoral, sustainability (particularly, ESG related risks), information, cyber security risks or any 
other risk as may be determined by the Committee.
(b) Measur es for risk mitigation including systems and processes for internal control of identified risks.
(c)  Business continuity plan.
• T o ensure that appropriate methodology, processes and systems are in place to monitor and evaluate risks associated with 
the business of the Company;
• T o monitor and oversee implementation of the risk management policy, including evaluating the adequacy of risk management 
systems;
• T o periodically review the risk management policy, at least once in two years, including by considering the changing industry 
dynamics and evolving complexity;
• T o keep the board of directors informed about the nature and content of its discussions, recommendations and actions to be 
taken;
• The  appointment, removal and terms of remuneration of the Chief Risk Officer (if any) shall be subject to review by the Risk 
Management Committee.
Composition and Attendance
The Risk Management Committee (“RMC”) met 4 (Four) times during the financial year 2025-26 on April 26, 2025, July 25, 2025, 
October 17, 2025 and January 28, 2026.
The composition and attendance of Committee members during the financial year 2025-26 ar e given below:
Name of Members Designation Category No. of meetings
Held Attended
Mr. Nipun Sumanlal Mehta Chairman Non-Executive - 
Independent Director
4 4
Mr. Jose Vailappallil Joseph Member Non-Executive - 
Independent Director
4 3
Mr. Ashish Ramesh Saraf Member Managing Director 4 4
Mr. Mudit Kumar Singh Member Non-Executive 
-Independent Director
4 4
Mr. Gautam Kumar Pal Member Whole-time Director 4 4
Mr. Ashok Jain Member Whole- time Director 4 4
CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY (CSR) COMMITTEE:
The Company has constituted a Corporate Social Responsibility Committee as required under Section 135 of the Companies Act, 
2013. The Committee comprises of 4 (Four) directors, Two (2) being Non-Executive Independent Director and Two (2) Executive 
Director. The Chairman of the Committee is an Independent Director. The Company Secretary and Compliance Officer, acts as 
Secretary to the Committee.
The Committee is primarily responsible for formulating and recommending to the Board a Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) 
policy and monitoring the same. The Committee also reviews and monitors the CSR projects and expenditure undertaken by the 
Company. The Corporate Social Responsibility Committee assists the Board in effectively discharging the Company’s corporate 
social responsibilities. The details of the CSR activities are provided in the Annexure- VI to the Directors’ Report. The details of CSR 
committee are also available on the website of the Company https://manoramagroup.co.in/investors-corporate-governance. The 
Manorama Industries Limited
Annual Report 2025-26
Corporate OverviewStatutory ReportsFinancial Statements
119

--- page 123 ---
Company has formed a CSR Policy which is available on the website of the Company at https://manoramagroup.co.in/investors-
policies .
Terms of Reference
The terms of reference of the Corporate Social Responsibility Committee as on March 31, 2026 are as follows:
• F ormulate CSR policy, inter-alia in compliance with the Section 135 of the Companies Act, 2013 and Schedule VII thereof and 
the Companies (Corporate Social Responsibility Policy) Rules 2014.
• F ormulate and recommend to the Board, an annual action plan in pursuance of its CSR policy, which shall include the following, 
namely: -
- the  list of CSR projects or programmes that are approved to be undertaken in areas or subjects specified in Schedule VII 
of the Act; 
- the  manner of execution of such projects or programmes as specified in sub-rule (1) of Rule 4 of Companies (Corporate 
Social Responsibility Policy) Amendment Rules, 2021;
- the  modalities of utilisation of funds and implementation of schedules for the projects or programmes; 
- monitoring and r eporting mechanism for the projects or programmes; and 
- det ails of need and impact assessment, if any, for the projects undertaken by the Company: 
• Iden tify and recommend to the Board, from time to time, the activities/ projects in line with such CSR policy and seek its 
approval for expenditure thereon, from the Board of Directors of the Company.
• Put  and institute the transparent monitoring mechanism to review the implementation status of each activities/ project. 
• Recommend to the Boar d, modifications to the CSR policy as and when required.
• F ormulate a CSR Management Committee, if required to monitor the approved CSR activities, spending thereon from time to 
time with a robust and transparent governance structure to oversee the implementation of CSR Policy.
• Recommend to the Board the method of spending the unspent CSR expenditure for a particular financial year to a Fund under 
Schedule VII as per Section 135(5) of the Companies Act 2013.
Composition and Attendance
The Corporate Social Responsibility (“CSR”) Committee met 1 (One) time during the financial year 2025-26 on April 26, 2025.
The composition and attendance of Committee members during the financial year 2025-26 ar e given below:
Name of Members Designation Category No. of meetings
Held Attended
Mr. Mudit Kumar Singh Chairman Non-Executive - 
Independent Director
1 1
Mr. Jose Vailappallil Joseph Member Non-Executive - 
Independent Director
1 1
Mr. Ashish Ramesh Saraf Member Managing Director 1 1
Mrs. Vinita Ashish Saraf Member Whole-time Director 0 0
*Mr. Ashish Bakliwal Member Non-Executive - 
Independent Director
1 0
*Mr. Ashish Bakliwal (DIN: 05149608) has completed his second term as Independent Director of the Company on April 30, 
2025. 
The CSR Committee was reconstituted by the Board of Directors of the Company in their meeting held on July 25, 2025. Below are 
the details of the new constitution of CSR Committee as on March 31, 2026.
120

--- page 124 ---
Name of Members Designation Category
Mr. Mudit Kumar Singh Chairman Non-Executive - Independent Director
Mr. Jose Vailappallil Joseph Member Non-Executive - Independent Director
Mr. Ashish Ramesh Saraf Member Managing Director
*Mrs. Vinita Ashish Saraf Member Whole-time Director
*Mrs. Vinita Ashish Saraf appointed as member of Corporate Social Responsibility Committee on Board Meeting dated July 25, 
2025.
FINANCE AND OPERATIONS COMMITTEE
The Board has constituted a committee with the name as “Finance and Operations Committee” at their meeting held on June 29, 
2020 to carry conveniently the increased finance, banking and administrative operations of the Company. 
Terms of Reference
The terms of reference of the Finance and Operations Committee as on March 31, 2026 are as follows:
1. Re view the Company’s financial policies, banking arrangements, working capital and cash flow management and make such 
reports and recommendations to the Board with respect thereto as it may deem advisable.
2. Ex ercise all powers to borrow monies (otherwise than by issue of debentures or preference shares) within the limits approved 
by the Board and taking necessary actions connected therewith including refinancing for optimisation of borrowing costs.
3. Giv ing of guarantees/issuing letters of comfort/ providing securities within the limits approved by the Board.
4. Borr ow monies by way of loan for the purpose of refinancing the existing debt, capital expenditure, general corporate purposes 
including working capital requirements and possible strategic investments within the limits approved by the Board. 
5. Pr ovide corporate guarantee/performance guarantee by the Company within the limits approved by the Board.
6. Appr ove opening, closure, change of signatories and operation of current accounts with banks.
7. Carr y out any other function as mandated by the Board from time to time and/or enforced by any statutory notification, 
amendment or modification as may be applicable.
8. Oth er transactions or financial issues that the Board may desire to have reviewed by the Finance and Operations Committee.
9. Delegate authorities fr om time to time to the executives/ authorized persons to implement the decisions of the Committee.
10. Regularly r eview and make recommendations about changes to the charter of the Committee.
11. T o authorize the officials on behalf of the Board to appear or represent the Company before any court/ statutory authority/
local body or any government and regulatory authority as may be required for license/renewal/any regulatory submission and 
documentation and other general authorization to person to carry out the same.
Composition and Attendance
The Finance and Operations Committee (“FOCM”) met 09 (Nine) times during the financial year 2025-26 on May 15, 2025, June 
24, 2025, July 12, 2025, September 29, 2025, November 12, 2025, December 11, 2025, December 29, 2025, February 21, 2026 and 
February 25, 2026. 
Name of Member Designation Category No. of meetings
Held Attended
Mr. Gautam Kumar Pal Chairman Whole Time Director 9 9
Mr. Ashok Jain Member Whole Time Director 9 9
Mr. Shrey Ashish Saraf Member Whole Time Director 9 9
Mr. Ashish Ramesh Saraf Member Managing Director 9 9
Manorama Industries Limited
Annual Report 2025-26
Corporate OverviewStatutory ReportsFinancial Statements
121

--- page 125 ---
INVESTMENT COMMITTEE
The Board has constituted a committee with the name as “Investment Committee” at their meeting held on April 26, 2025 to 
implement Investment Policy of the Company.
Terms of Reference
The terms of reference of the Investment  Committee as on March 31, 2026 are as follows:
1. Ensur e the Investment Policy and its guidelines remain relevant, the Investment Committee will review them once in every 
three year or as needed. This review will include an assessment of the investment objectives, financial status, and capital 
market expectations. Additionally, the Investment Guidelines, including asset category targets and Finance and Operations 
Committee competencies, will be regularly reviewed as outlined in the guidelines.
2. Ensur e that investment policy is compliant with investment guidelines.
3. Onb oard Consultant/Expert/advisor as needed to serve as an advisor to the Investment Committee.
4. Any changes in inv estment policy guidelines to be approved by Investment Committee.
5. The  investment portfolio will be managed by the Investment Committee, which will exercise prudent judgment consistent with 
the standards of care expected of fiduciaries managing institutional assets. The Committee will aim to preserve the safety of 
principal, maintain sufficient liquidity to meet the Company’s cash flow needs, and generate competitive investment returns.
6. Re view the changes if any in the matters relating to investments.
The composition of the Committee is as follows:
Name of Members Designation Category
Mr. Ashish Ramesh Saraf Chairman Managing Director
Mrs. Vinita Ashish Saraf Member Whole Time Director
Mr. Ashok Jain Member Whole Time Director
PARTICULARS OF SENIOR MANAGEMENT INCLUDING THE CHANGES THEREIN SINCE THE CLOSE OF THE FINANCIAL YEAR
There is no change in the senior management since the close of the previous financial year except as disclosed in this report.
REMUNERATION OF DIRECTORS
The Company’s philosophy for remuneration of Directors, Key Managerial Personnel and all other employees is based on the 
commitment of fostering a culture of leadership with trust. The Company has adopted a Nomination & Remuneration Policy to 
determine the compensation structure of the Executive/Non-Executive Directors. The Policy is intended to set out specific criteria 
to pay equitable remuneration to the Directors, Key Managerial Personnels (KMPs), Senior Management Personnels (SMPs) and 
other employees of the Company in consonance with the existing industry practice and aims at attracting and retaining high 
calibre talent. Remuneration of Directors is based on various factors like Company’s size, global presence, economic and financial 
position and Directors’ participation in Board and Committee meetings, and is determined by the Board, on the recommendation of 
the Nomination and Remuneration Committee, subject to the approval of the shareholders, wherever required. All remuneration, in 
whatever form, payable to Senior Management are also recommended by this Committee.
The revision in remuneration, if any, is also recommended by the Nomination and Remuneration Committee to the Board for its 
consideration by taking into account their individual performance and as well performance of the Company in a given year.
122

--- page 126 ---
Remuneration paid to Executive Directors for the financial year ended 2025-26:
All pecuniary relationship or transactions of the non-executive directors vis-à-vis the Company.
The Non-Executive Directors do not have any material pecuniary relationship or transactions with the Company and any of its 
Non-Executive Directors.
a) All elements of the r emuneration package of all executive directors are as follows:    (A mount in C )
Particulars Ashish Ramesh 
Saraf
Managing 
Director
Vinita Ashish 
Saraf 
Executive 
Director
Shrey Ashish 
Saraf 
Executive 
Director
Gautam Kumar 
Pal 
Executive 
Director
Ashok Jain 
Executive 
Director 
Basic Salary 2,85,00,000 1,54,80,000 67,72,500 54,75,000 42,37,500
PF Employer Contribution 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00
Gratuity Provision 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00
House Rent Allowance 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00
Position Allowance 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00
Total Fixed Salary 2,85,00,000 1,54,80,000 67,72,500 54,75,000 42,37,500
Other Benefits and Perquisites 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00
Incentive / Variable Pay/ 
Performance linked incentives 
performance criteria
7,00,00,000 2,33,00,000 70,00,000 41,25,000 23,00,000
Stock Options (ESOP Perquisites) 0.00 0.00 0.00 1,13,71,250 2,14,74,668
Service contracts, notice period, 
severance fees
0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00
Bonuses 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00
Pension 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00
CRITERIA OF MAKING PAYMENTS TO NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
Remuneration paid to Non-Executive Directors:
The Non-Executive Independent Directors are paid sitting fees for each meeting of the Board or Committees of Board attended by 
them. The actual out of pocket expenses incurred for attending meetings of the Board or a Committee thereof and other Company 
related expenses are borne by the Company from time to time. The Non-Executive Directors are not entitled to any stock options.
The sitting fees paid during the financial year 2025-26 to the Non-Executive Independent Directors for attending the Board and 
Committee Meetings for the year 2025-26 are as follows:
Name of the Director Sitting Fees (in C )
Mr. Jose Vailappallil Joseph 3,10,000
Mr. Nipun Sumanlal Mehta 3,40,000
Mr. Mudit Kumar Singh 3,40,000
Ms. Veni Mocherla 3,30,000
*Ms. Subhaprada Nishtala 2,90,000
*Mr. Ashish Bakliwal 20,000
*Mr. Ashish Bakliwal has completed his second term as Independent Director of the Company on April 30, 2025.
*Ms. Subhaprada Nishtala (DIN: 08124635) has been appointed as an Additional Director in the category of Non-Executive 
Independent Director for the first term of five (5) consecutive years commencing from April 26, 2025 to April 25, 2030. The same 
Manorama Industries Limited
Annual Report 2025-26
Corporate OverviewStatutory ReportsFinancial Statements
123

--- page 127 ---
was approved by the members of the Company through postal ballot on June 11, 2025. and regularized to Independent Director in 
the category of Non-Executive Independent Director.
1. No remuneration by way of commission to the Non-Executive Directors was proposed for the financial year 2025-26.
2. The  criteria for making payment to Executive and Non-Executive Directors has also been posted on the Company’s website 
and can be accessed at https://manoramagroup.co.in/investors-policies. 
3. The  Independent Directors shall not be entitled to Stock Options.
GENERAL BODY MEETINGS
i)  Details of last thr ee Annual General Meetings (AGM) of the Company held as under:
 Date  Time  Whether Special 
Resolution Passed 
or not
 Special 
 Resolutions 
passed
 Location
September 
18, 2023 
03:00 PM 
IST
No -- Through Video Conferencing / Other Audio-Visual Means. 
The venue of the meeting shall be deemed to be the 
Registered office of the Company at Office No. 403, 4th 
Floor, Midas, Sahar Plaza, Andheri Kurla Road, Andheri 
(East), Mumbai – 400 059.
September 
03, 2024
03:00 PM 
IST
No -- Through Video Conferencing / Other Audio-Visual Means. 
The venue of the meeting shall be deemed to be the 
Registered office of the Company at Office No. 701, 7th 
Floor, Bonanza Building, Sahar Plaza Complex, Andheri 
Kurla Road, Andheri East, Mumbai, Maharashtra – 400059.
August 28, 
2025
04:00 PM 
IST
No -- Through Video Conferencing / Other Audio-Visual Means. 
The venue of the meeting shall be deemed to be the 
Registered office of the Company at Office No. 701, 7th 
Floor, Bonanza Building, Sahar Plaza Complex, Andheri 
Kurla Road, Andheri East, Mumbai, Maharashtra – 400059.
ii) POST AL BALLOT :
 During the financial year 2025-26, under Section 110 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with the Companies (Management and 
Administration) Rules, 2014, the Company has passed the following Resolutions by postal ballot:
Postal Ballot Event 1:
To consider and approve appointment of Ms. Subhaprada Nishtala (DIN: 08124635) as a Non- executive Independent Director 
of the Company. – Special Resolution
Date of Postal Ballot Notice: April 26, 2025
Date of Declaration of Result: June 12, 2025
Voting Period: May 13, 2025 to June 11, 2025
Voting Pattern:
Description Type of 
Resolution
No. of Votes 
Polled
Votes in Favour Votes Against
No. of Votes % No. of Votes %
To consider and approve 
appointment of Ms. Subhaprada 
Nishtala (DIN: 08124635) as a 
Non- executive Independent 
Director of the Company.
Special 
resolution
3,93,02,215 3,93,02,215 100 0 0
The resolution was passed with a requisite majority. The votes casted in favour of the resolution are more than three times 
the votes against the resolution.
124

--- page 128 ---
Postal Ballot Event 2: 
1.  T o approve the Re-Appointment of Mr. Nipun Sumanlal Mehta (DIN: 00255831) as an Independent Director of the 
Company for his second term of 5 (five) years – Special Resolution
2.  T o approve increase in the remuneration of Mr. Deep Saraf, Deputy Chief Executive Officer - Chief Coordinator, holding 
office or place of profit. - Ordinary Resolution
Date of Postal Ballot Notice: January 28, 2026
Date of Declaration of Result: March 02, 2026
Voting Period: January 31, 2026 to March 01, 2026
 Voting Pattern:
Description Type of 
Resolution
No. of Votes 
Polled
Votes in Favour Votes Against
No. of Votes % No. of Votes %
To approve the Re-Appointment 
of Mr. Nipun Sumanlal Mehta 
(DIN: 00255831) as an 
Independent Director of the 
Company for his second term of 
5 (five) years.
Special 
Resolution
41,149,006 41,141,264 99.9812 7,742 0.0188
To approve increase in the 
remuneration of Mr. Deep Saraf, 
Deputy Chief Executive Officer - 
Chief Coordinator, holding office 
or place of profit
Ordinary 
Resolution
41,149,006 39,866,544 96.8834 1,282,462 3.1166
The Special resolution was passed since the votes cast in favour of the resolution were more than three times the votes cast 
against the resolution and the Ordinary Resolution was passed since the votes cast in favour of the resolution were more than 
half of the votes cast against the resolution.
Postal Ballot Event 3: 
To approve raising of funds through qualified institutions placement or through any other permissible modes by issuance of 
securities for an aggregate amount of up to INR 500 crore (Indian Rupees Five Hundred Crore) in one or more tranches and/
or by way of one or more issuances. – Special Resolution
Date of Postal Ballot Notice: March 12, 2026
Date of Declaration of Result: April 20, 2026
Voting Period: March 21, 2026 to April 19, 2026
 Voting Pattern:
Description Type of 
Resolution
No. of Votes 
Polled
Votes in Favour Votes Against
No. of Votes % No. of Votes %
To approve raising of funds through 
qualified institutions placement 
or through any other permissible 
modes by issuance of securities 
for an aggregate amount of up to 
INR 500 crore (Indian Rupees Five 
Hundred Crore) in one or more 
tranches and/or by way of one or 
more issuances
Special 
resolution
41,250,653 41,177,725 99.8232 72,928 0.1768
Manorama Industries Limited
Annual Report 2025-26
Corporate OverviewStatutory ReportsFinancial Statements
125

--- page 129 ---
The Special resolution was passed since the votes cast in favour of the resolution were more than three times the votes cast 
against the resolution
Extraordinary General Meetings:
During the financial year 2025-26, no Extraordinary General Meeting(s) were conducted by the Company.
PROCEDURE FOR POSTAL BALLOT :
In compliance with Sections 108, 110 and other applicable provisions, if any, of the Companies Act, 2013, as amended, and Rules 
20 and 22 of the Companies (Management and Administration) Rules, 2014, as amended read with the General Circular No. 
14/2020 dated April 8, 2020, General Circular No. 17/2020 dated April 13, 2020 and subsequent circulars issued in this regard, latest 
being General Circular No. 03/2025 dated September 22, 2025 and other applicable circulars issued by the Ministry of Corporate 
Affairs, Government of India (collectively, the “MCA Circulars”), Regulation 44 of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing  
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, Secretarial Standards on General Meetings (‘SS-2’) issued by the 
Institute of Company Secretaries of India, the Company had provided only electronic voting (e-voting) facility to all its Members. 
For this purpose, the Company had engaged the services of MUFG Intime India Private Limited (“MUFG”) (formerly known as Link 
Intime India Private Limited). Postal Ballot notice was sent by email to members who had registered their email addresses with the 
Company/RTA/Depositories. Ms. Alifya Sapatwala (A24091 & CP24895), Partner of M/s Mehta & Mehta, Company Secretaries, was 
appointed as the scrutiniser, for conducting the e-voting process in respect of the postal ballot, in a fair and transparent manner.
The Company dispatched the Postal Ballot Notice in electronic form only to its registered shareholders whose e-mail IDs were 
registered/available with the Depository Participants/Registrars and Share Transfer Agents as on a cut-off date.
Voting rights were reckoned on the paid-up value of the shares registered in the names of the Members as on the cut-off dates 
as mentioned in the notices of postal ballot. Members desiring to exercise their votes by electronic mode were requested to vote 
before close of business hours on the last date of e-voting.
The Scrutiniser, after the completion of scrutiny, submitted his/her report to the Chairman & Managing Director/ Company Secretary 
who was authorised to accept, acknowledge and countersign the Scrutiniser’s Report as well as declare the voting results in 
accordance with the provisions of the Act, the Rules framed thereunder and the Secretarial Standard 2 on General Meetings.
The results were displayed at the Registered Office & the Corporate Office of the Company and also on the Company’s website 
besides being communicated to NSE, BSE and RTA.
The last date of e-voting was the date on which the resolution deemed to have been passed. 
Whether any resolutions are proposed to be conducted through postal ballot:
There is no immediate proposal for passing any resolution through postal ballot. None of the businesses proposed to be transacted 
at the ensuing AGM require passing of a resolution through postal ballot.
DISCLOSURES
Related party transactions
During the year 2025-26, the Company has entered into materially significant related party transaction. The details of related party 
transactions are disclosed in Notes to Accounts No.  29 of the Financial Statements. A copy of the policy on dealing with related 
party transactions is available on the Company’s website at https://manoramagroup.co.in/investors-policies.
Compliances by the Company/ Details of non-compliance by the Company, penalties, structures imposed on the listed entity by 
126

--- page 130 ---
stock exchange(s) or the Board or any statutory authority, on any matter related to capital markets, during the last three years
The Company has complied with the requirements of the Stock Exchanges, SEBI and other statutory authorities on all matters 
related to capital markets.
Whistle Blower Policy / Vigil Mechanism
Pursuant to Section 177(9) and (10) of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Rule 7 of the Companies (Meetings of Board and its 
Powers) Rules, 2014 and Regulation 22 of the SEBI Listing Regulations, the Company has formulated Whistle Blower Policy and 
has established the necessary Vigil Mechanism for Directors and employees to report to the management instances of illegal 
activities, unethical behaviour, actual or suspected, fraud or violation of the Company’s Code of Conduct or Ethics Policy. The 
mechanism provides for adequate safeguards against victimization of employees and Directors who use such mechanism and 
makes provision for direct access to the Chairperson of the Audit Committee in exceptional cases. None of the personnel of the 
Company has been denied access to the Audit Committee during the Financial Year under review. The Whistle Blower Policy is 
available on the Company’s website at https://manoramagroup.co.in/investors-policies.
Compliance with Mandatory Requirements of the SEBI Listing Regulations 
The Company is fully compliant with SEBI Listing Regulations and there ar e no such non-compliances to report.
Your Company has complied with all the mandatory requirements of the SEBI Listing Regulations relating to Corporate Governance 
as specified in regulation 17 to 27 and clauses (b) to (i) of sub-regulation (2) of regulation 46 of the SEBI Listing Regulations.
Compliance with non-mandatory requirements
The Company also strives to adhere and comply with the following discretionary requirements specified under Regulation 27(1) 
read with Part E of Schedule II of SEBI Listing Regulations is as under:
1. The  audit report on the Company’s Financial Statements for the year ended March 31, 2026 is unmodified.
2. Y our Company follows a robust process of communicating with the shareholders which have been elaborated in the Report 
under the heading “Means of Communication”.
3. The  quarterly and half yearly financial results are submitted to Stock Exchanges, published in newspapers and posted on the 
Company’s website and are not sent to the shareholders separately.
4. The  Internal Auditors of the Company report directly to the Audit Committee and are invited to be present as invitees at the 
Audit Committee meetings.
Disclosure of Accounting Treatment
The financial statements of the Company have been prepared in accordance with the Indian Accounting Standards (Ind AS) referred 
to in Section 133 of the Companies Act, 2013. The significant accounting policies which are consistently applied are set out in the 
Notes to the Financial Statements.
Web link where policy for determining ‘material’ subsidiaries is disclosed.
The web link for the policy of determining ‘material’ subsidiary is available on the website of the Company at https://manoramagroup.
co.in/investors-policies.
Details of utilization of funds raised through preferential allotment as specified under Regulation 32 (7A).
During the year under review, the Company has not raised any funds through preferential allotment or qualified institutions 
placement as specified under Regulation 32 (7A) of the SEBI Listing Regulations.
During the financial year under review, the Board of Directors of the Company, at its meeting held on March 12, 2026, approved the 
raising of funds through a Qualified Institutional Placement (“QIP”), which was subsequently approved by the shareholders of the 
Company on April 19, 2026. Pursuant thereto, at its meeting held on July 02, 2026, the Board of Directors approved the allotment 
Manorama Industries Limited
Annual Report 2025-26
Corporate OverviewStatutory ReportsFinancial Statements
127

--- page 131 ---
of 34,01,360 Equity Shares to eligible Qualified Institutional Buyers, aggregating to ` 500 Crores.
Recommendation of Committees not accepted by Board.
There are no recommendations of the Committees that are not accepted by the Board of Directors of the Company.
Fees paid to Statutory Auditors by the Company and its subsidiaries on a consolidated basis
During the financial year ended March 31, 2026, the Company has paid C 15,00,000/- (Fifteen Lakhs Only) towards fees for 
statutory audit, to the Statutory Auditors of the Company, namely - M/S. Singhi & Co., Chartered Accountants, (Firm Registration 
No: 302049E).
Disclosures under Sexual Harassment of Women at Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition and Redressal) Act, 2013
The Company has in place an Anti-Sexual Harassment Policy in line with the requirements of the Sexual Harassment of Women 
at Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition and Redressal) Act, 2013. The objective of this policy is to lay clear guidelines and provide 
right direction in case of any reported incidence of sexual harassment across the Company’s offices and take appropriate decision 
in resolving such issues. An Internal Complaints Committee (ICC) has been set up to redress the complaints received regarding 
sexual harassment.
The details of the total cases filed and disposed pertaining to incidents under the policy are as follows:
Particulars No. of Cases
Number of complaints received during the financial year  0
Number of complaints disposed-off during the financial year 0
Number of complaints pending as on end of the financial year 0
Number of complaints pending for more than 90 days during the financial year 0
MEANS OF COMMUNICATION
• The  Board of Directors of the Company approves and takes on record the quarterly, half yearly and annual results along with 
Limited Review Report/Auditors’ Report & announces results to BSE Limited (BSE) and the National Stock Exchange of India 
Limited (NSE) where the shares/stocks of the Company are listed. 
 The  aforesaid results published normally in Business Standard and Loksatta are also displayed on the Company’s website at 
https://manoramagroup.co.in/investors-company-announcements#newspaper_publications.
• The  results are published in the following newspapers:
 Business Standar d (English Edition) and Loksatta (Marathi Edition)
• Official media releases are sent to the Stock Exchanges before their release to the media for wider dissemination. Presentations 
made to media, analysts, institutional investors, etc. are posted on the Company’s website.
• The  Company’s website contains a separate dedicated section ‘Investors’. It contains comprehensive database of information 
of interest to our investors including the Financial Results and Annual Report of the Company, any price sensitive information 
disclosed to the regulatory authorities from time to time, business activities and the services rendered/ facilities extended by 
the Company to our investors, in a user-friendly manner. The basic information about the Company as called for in terms of 
Regulation 46 of the SEBI Listing Regulations is provided on Company’s website and the same is updated regularly.
• Annual Report containing, inter alia, Audited Annual Accounts, Board’s Report, Auditors’ Report and other important 
information is circulated to Member and others entitled thereto. The Management Discussion and Analysis Report and 
Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report forms part of the Annual Report and is displayed on Company’s website.
• Qua rterly shareholding pattern was filed with BSE and NSE through BSE Listing Center and NEAPS portal. They are also 
displayed on the Company’s website under the ‘Investors’ section.
• The  Company has also designated the email-id: cs@manoramagroup.co.in exclusively for investor servicing.
128

--- page 132 ---
GENERAL SHAREHOLDERS’ INFORMATION
CIN : L15142MH2005PLC243687 
Registered office Address : Office No. 701, 7th Floor, Bonanza Building, Sahar Plaza Complex, Andheri Kurla Road, Andheri 
East, Mumbai, Maharashtra – 400059.
Address at which the 
books of account are to be 
maintained
F-6, Anupam Nagar, Raipur, Chhattisgarh, India, 492007
Date, Time and Venue of 
Annual General Meeting 
(AGM)
: Monday, September 21, 2026 at 3:00 pm through Video Conferencing/Other Audio Visual 
Means facility (Deemed Venue for Meeting: Registered Office: Office No. 701, 7th Floor, Bonanza 
Building, Sahar Plaza Complex, Andheri Kurla Road, Andheri East, Mumbai, Maharashtra – 
400059)
Financial year : April 1, 2025 to March 31, 2026
Results for quarter ending 
(Tentative) 
: June 30, 2026: On or before August 14, 2026
September 30, 2026: On or before November 14, 2026
December 31, 2026: On or before February 14, 2027
March 31, 2027: On or before May 30, 2027. (Financial Year)
Record Date Monday, September 14, 2026
Dividend Payment Date : Within 30 days from AGM
Listing on Stock Exchanges : The Equity Shares of the Company are listed on:
1. BSE  Limited (BSE)
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,
Dalal Street, Fort, Mumbai- 400 001.
2. Nat ional Stock Exchange of India Limited (“NSE”)
Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C/1, G Block,
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East),  Mumbai- 400 051.
Stock Code : The BSE Scrip code of equity shares is 541974.
The NSE Symbol of equity shares is MANORAMA
ISIN :  INE00VM01036
Listing Fees : Annual listing fees for the year 2026-27 (as applicable) have been paid by the Company to the 
Stock Exchanges i.e, NSE and BSE.
The Equity Shares of the Company have not been suspended from trading on the Stock Exchanges or by any Regulatory/ Statutory 
Authority.
Registrar and Transfer Agent (RTA) 
All work related to Share Registry, both in physical and electronic form, are handled by the Company’s Registrar and Share Transfer 
Agent, whose name and contact details are as given below:
MUFG Intime India Private Limited (Formerly known as Link Intime India Private Limited) 
C 101, Embassy 247, LBS  Marg, Vikhroli (West), 
Mumbai, Maharashtra, 400083, India
Tel: 8108116767
Fax: 022-49186060
E-mail: investor.helpdesk@in.mpms.mufg.com
Share Transfer System
During the year under review, RTA of the Company ensured compliance with all the procedural requirements with respect to 
transfer, transmission and transposition of shares and formalities with respect to name deletion, sub-division, consolidation, 
renewal, exchange and endorsement of share certificates.
Manorama Industries Limited
Annual Report 2025-26
Corporate OverviewStatutory ReportsFinancial Statements
129

--- page 133 ---
SEBI has mandated that securities of listed companies can be transferred only in dematerialised form w.e.f. April 1, 2019. 
Accordingly, the Company/it’s RTA are not accepting any fresh lodgement of transfer of shares in physical form. Members holding 
shares in physical form are advised to avail of the facility of dematerialisation. However, investors are not barred from holding 
shares in physical form.
Transfers in electronic form are much simpler and quicker as the shareholders have to approach their respective depository 
participants and the transfers are processed by NSDL/ CDSL, as the case may be, with no requirement of any separate 
communication to be made to the Company.
Shareholding Pattern as on March 31, 2026
Category 
Code
Category of shareholder No. of 
Shareholders
Total no. of 
Shares
As a percentage 
of (A+B+C) (%)
(A) Shareholding of Promoter and Promoter Group
(1) Indian 5 3,24,35,406 54.32
(2) Foreign 0 0 0
Total Shareholding of promoter and Promoter Group 5 3,24,35,406 54.32
(B) Public Shareholding
(1) Institutions 93 35,13,332 5.89
(2) Non-Institutions 36,237 2,37,59,792 39.79
Total Public Shareholding 36,330 2,72,73,124 45.68
(C) Shares held by Custodians and against which the depository receipts have been issued
(1) Promoter and Promoter Group 0 0 0
(2) Public 0 0 0
TOTAL(A)+(B)+(C) 36,335 5,97,08,530 100
Distribution of Shareholding as on March 31, 2026
No. of Equity Shares held No. of Shareholders No. of Shares % of total shares
1 – 500 34703 2018859 3.3812
501 – 1000 1029 753358 1.2617
1001 – 2000 607 880880 1.4753
2001 – 3000 273 682453 1.1430
3001 – 4000 125 439028 0.7353
4001 – 5000 78 361113 0.6048
5001 – 10000 175 1265302 2.1191
10001 and above 204 53307537 89.2796
Dematerialisation of shares
As at March 31, 2026, out of 5,97,08,530 no. of equity shares, 59,705,030 equity shares, forming 99.99% of the Company’s paid up 
capital is held in the dematerialised form with National Securities Depository Ltd. (NSDL) and Central Depository Services (India) 
Ltd. (CDSL) and 3,500 equity shares are held in physical form. The Equity shares are frequently traded on BSE and NSE.  
The Company does not have any shares in the demat suspense account or unclaimed suspense account.
Outstanding ADRs/ GDRs/ Warrants or any convertible instruments, conversion date and likely impact on equity
The Company does not have any outstanding ADRs/GDRs/Warrants or any convertible instruments.
130

--- page 134 ---
Reconciliation of Share Capital Audit Report
Pursuant to Regulation 76 of SEBI (Depositories and Participants) Regulation, 2018, a Practicing Company Secretary shall carry 
out a Secretarial Audit to reconcile the total admitted capital with NSDL and CDSL and the total issued and listed capital. This audit 
is carried out every quarter and the report thereon is submitted to the Stock Exchanges where the Company’s shares are listed. 
The audit confirms that the total listed and paid-up capital is in agreement with the aggregate of the total number of shares in 
dematerialised form (held with NSDL and CDSL) and total number of shares in physical form.  
Plant locations
Village Birkoni, Near by IIDC Birkoni, Paraswani Road, Dist. Mahasamund - 493445, Chhattisgarh, India
Disclosures by the Company and its subsidiaries with respect to Loans and advances in the nature of loans to firms/ companies 
in which Directors are interested by name and amount: NIL
Details of material subsidiaries of the listed entity, including the date and place of incorporation and the name and date of 
appointment of the statutory auditors of such subsidiaries
- The material subsidiary of the Company is Manorama Savanna Ghana Limited, which is incorporated in Ghana on November 6, 
2024. The Statutory auditors of the Company is:
K. B. Omane-Antwi (ICAG/P/1069), B. Omane-Antwi Consult (ICAG/F/2026/153), Chartered Accountants, #10, Otswe Street, OSU 
AKO-ADJEI, ACCRA. The appointment date of the auditor is December 01, 2024.
CEO/CFO Certification
The certificate as required from the Managing Director and the Chief Financial Officer of the Company with regard to compliance 
in terms of Regulation 17(8) of the SEBI Listing Regulations as on March 31, 2026 has been annexed at the end of this report and 
marked as Annexure A. They have also provided quarterly certificates on financial results while placing the same before the Board 
pursuant to Regulation 33 of the SEBI Listing Regulations.
Code of Conduct
The Company has adopted the code of conduct for the Board of Directors and Senior Management Personnel. The Code is intended 
to serve as a basis for ethical decision-making in conduct of professional work. The Code requires Directors and Employees to act 
honestly, fairly, ethically, with integrity and conduct themselves in professional, courteous and respectful manner. The code has 
been circulated to all the members of the Board and Senior Management Personnel and the same is available on the Company’s 
website at www.manoramagroup.co.in/investors-policies. The Board members and senior management have affirmed their 
compliance with the code and a declaration signed by the Managing Director of the Company is enclosed herewith Annexure B
Address for Correspondence
Registered  Office:
Office No. 701, 7th Floor, Bonanza Building, Sahar, Plaza Complex, Andheri Kurla Road, J.B. Nagar, Andheri East, 
Mumbai, Maharashtra - 400059
Corporate Office:
F-6, Anupam Nagar, Raipur, Chhattisgarh - 492 007
Enquiries, if any, relating to shareholder accounting records, share transfers, transmission of shares, change of address / bank 
mandate details for physical shares, loss of share certificates etc., should be addressed to:
MUFG Intime India Private Limited (Formerly known as Link Intime India Private Limited) 
C 101, Embassy 247, LBS  Marg, Vikhroli (West), Mumbai, Maharashtra, 400083, India
Tel: 8108116767
Fax: 022-49186060
E-mail: investor.helpdesk@in.mpms.mufg.com
Manorama Industries Limited
Annual Report 2025-26
Corporate OverviewStatutory ReportsFinancial Statements
131

--- page 135 ---
Credit Rating
Pursuant to the provisions of Regulation 30 read with Schedule III of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, the summary of the instrument-wise ranking are as follows:
1.  Based on the rating assessm ent undertaken by Care Ratings Limited:
Facilities/Instruments Amount (in crores) Rating Rating Action
Long Term Bank Facilities 577.90 (Enhanced from 
492.90)
CARE A+; Stable Upgraded from CARE  
A; Stable
Short Term Bank Facilities 105.00 (Enhanced from 
10.00)
CARE A+; Stable / CARE A1+ L T rating and Stable outlook assigned 
and ST rating upgraded from CARE A1
Commodity Price Risk or Foreign Exchange Risk and hedging activities:
The Company is having adequate risk assessment and minimization system in place. The Company has foreign exchange risk 
as it deals in foreign currencies by importing and exporting of goods. However, to mitigate these risks the Company has a natural 
hedge against its imports and exports. Also, the Company enter into foreign exchange hedging contracts to hedge the exchange 
fluctuations. 
Details of Non-Compliance of Corporate Governance Report 
The Company has complied with all the conditions as specified in paras (2) to (10) of the Schedule V of the SEBI Listing Regulations.
Disclosures of the compliance with corporate governance requirements specified in regulation 17 to 27 and clauses (b) to (i) of 
sub-regulation (2) of regulation 46 shall be made in the section on corporate governance of the annual report:
The Company has complied with corporate governance requirements specified in regulation 17 to 27 and clauses (b) to (i) of sub-
regulation (2) of regulation 46 and the disclosures regarding the same has been made in the Corporate Governance Report which 
forms part of this Annual Report.
Certificate from a company secretary in practice that none of the directors on the board of the company have been debarred or 
disqualified from being appointed or continuing as directors of companies by the Board/Ministry of Corporate Affairs or any 
such statutory authority.
The Company has obtained a certificate from M/s. Mehta & Mehta, Company Secretaries, certifying that none of the Directors on 
the Board of the Company have been debarred or disqualified from being appointed or continuing as Directors of companies by 
the SEBI/Ministry of Corporate Affairs or any such statutory authority in accordance with SEBI Listing Regulations. Copy of the 
Certificate is attached as Annexure C.
Compliance Certificate under SEBI Listing Regulations
M/s. Mehta & Mehta., Practicing Company Secretaries, Mumbai have verified the compliance of the Corporate Governance norms 
by the Company. Certificate issued by them in this regard is annexed hereto as Annexure D. 
Disclosure of certain types of agreements binding Company.
There is no agreement entered by the Company.
For and on behalf of the Board of Directors
For Manorama Industries Limited
Place: Raipur
Date: August 13, 2026
Ashish Ramesh Saraf
Managing Director
DIN: 00183357
Ashok Jain
Whole Time Director
DIN: 09791163
132

--- page 136 ---
Annexure A
COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE 
(Pursuant to Reg 17 (8) of SEBI (Listing Obligation and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015)
To, Ma y 11, 2026
The Board of Directors
Manorama Industries Limited
Office No. 701, 7th Floor, Bonanza Building, Sahar
Plaza Complex, Andheri Kurla Road, Andheri East, Mumbai,
Maharashtra – 400059
We, the undersigned in our respective capacities as Managing Director and Chief Financial Officer of Manorama Industries Limited 
do hereby confirm that:
A. W e have reviewed Audited Financial Results (Both Standalone & Consolidated) of Manorama Industries Limited and the cash 
flow statement for the financial year ended on March 31, 2026 and that to the best of our knowledge and belief: 
1)  the se statements do not contain any materially untrue statement or omit any material fact or contain statements that 
might be misleading; 
2)  the se statements together present a true and fair view of the listed entity’s affairs and are in compliance with existing 
accounting standards, applicable laws and regulations. 
B. The re are, to the best of our knowledge and belief, no transactions entered into by the listed entity during the year which are 
fraudulent, illegal or violative of the listed entity’s code of conduct. 
C. W e accept responsibility for establishing and maintaining internal controls for financial reporting and that we have evaluated 
the effectiveness of internal control systems of the listed entity pertaining to financial reporting and we have disclosed to 
the auditors and the audit committee, deficiencies in the design or operation of such internal controls, if any, of which we are 
aware and the steps we have taken or propose to take to rectify these deficiencies. 
D. W e have indicated to the auditors and the Audit committee 
1) significant changes in intern al control over financial reporting during the year;
2) the re were no significant changes in accounting policies during the year
3) the re were no instances of significant fraud of which we have become aware and the involvement therein, if any, of the 
management or an employee having a significant role in the company’s internal control system over financial reporting.
For and on behalf of the Board of Directors
For Manorama Industries Limited
Place: Raipur
Date: May 11, 2026
Sd/-
Ashish Ramesh Saraf
Managing Director
DIN: 00183357
Sd/-
Ashok Jain
Whole Time Director & CFO
DIN: 09791163
Manorama Industries Limited
Annual Report 2025-26
Corporate OverviewStatutory ReportsFinancial Statements
133

--- page 137 ---
Annexure B
DECLARATION ON THE CODE OF CONDUCT
Pursuant to Part D of Schedule V of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015. This is to confirm 
that the Company has a Code of Conduct for its Board members and Senior Management Personnel, which is available on the 
Company’s Website.
I hereby declare that all members of the Board and the Senior Management Personnel of the Company have affirmed compliances 
with the Code of Conduct as applicable to each one of them for the financial year ended Mar ch 31, 2026.
This Certificate is being given pursuant to part D of Schedule V of the SEBI Listing Regulations as amended from time to time.
Mr. Ashish Ramesh Saraf
Managing Director
DIN: 00183357
Place: Raipur
Date: May 11, 2026
134

--- page 138 ---
Annexure C
CERTIFICATE OF NON-DISQUALIFICATION OF DIRECTORS
[Pursuant to Regulation 34(3) and Schedule V Para C clause (10)(i) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015]
To, 
MANORAMA INDUSTRIES LIMITED
Office No. 701, 7th Floor, Bonanza Building, Sahar
Plaza Complex, Andheri Kurla Road, J.B. Nagar, Andheri East,
Mumbai, Maharashtra – 400059
We have examined the relevant registers, records, forms, returns and disclosures received from the Directors of MANORAMA 
INDUSTRIES LIMITED having CIN : L15142MH2005PLC243687 and having registered office at Office No. 701, 7th Floor, Bonanza 
Building, Sahar Plaza Complex, Andheri Kurla Road, J.B. Nagar, Andheri East, Mumbai, Maharashtra – 400059 (hereinafter referred 
to as ‘the Company’), produced before us by the Company for the purpose of issuing this Certificate, in accordance with Regulation 
34(3) read with Schedule V Para-C Sub clause 10(i) of the Securities Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015. 
In our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the verifications (including Directors Identification Number (DIN) 
status at the portal www.mca.gov.in) as considered necessary and explanations furnished to me / us by the Company & its officers, 
We hereby certify that none of the Directors on the Board of the Company as stated below for the Financial Year ending on 31st 
March, 2026 have been debarred or disqualified from being appointed or continuing as Directors of companies by the Securities 
and Exchange Board of India, Ministry of Corporate Affairs or any such other Statutory Authority.
Sr. No. Name of Directors DIN Date of appointment in Company
1. Vinita Ashish Saraf 00208621 25/03/2006
2. Nipun Sumanlal Mehta 00255831 05/03/2021
3. Mudit Kumar Singh 03276749 06/09/2021
4. Gautam Kumar Pal 07645652 10/01/2018
5. Shrey Ashish Saraf 07907037 19/08/2019
6. Veni Mocherla 08082163 22/12/2021
7. Jose Vailappallil Joseph 08540226 19/08/2019
8. Ashok Jain 09791163 15/11/2022
9. Ashish Ramesh Saraf 00183357 23/10/2024
10. Subhaprada Nishtala 08124635 26/04/2025
Ensuring the eligibility for the appointment / continuity of every Director on the Board is the responsibility of the management of the 
Company. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these based on our verification. This certificate is neither an assurance as 
to the future viability of the Company nor of the efficiency or effectiveness with which the management has conducted the affairs 
of the Company.
For Mehta & Mehta,
Company Secretaries
(ICSI Unique Code P1996MH007500)
PR No.: 7281/2025
Alifya Sapatwala
Partner
ACS No: 24091
CP No: 24895 
Place: Mumbai 
Date: August 13, 2026
UDIN: A024091H001135443
Manorama Industries Limited
Annual Report 2025-26
Corporate OverviewStatutory ReportsFinancial Statements
135

--- page 139 ---
Annexure D
CERTIFICATE ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
To, 
The Members,
Manorama Industries Limited
Office No. 701, 7th Floor, Bonanza Building, Sahar
Plaza Complex, Andheri Kurla Road, J.B. Nagar, Andheri East,
Mumbai, Maharashtra – 400059
We have examined the compliance of conditions of Corporate Governance by Manorama Industries Limited  (hereinafter referred 
as “Company”) for the Financial year ended March 31, 2026 as prescribed under Regulations 17 to 27, clauses (b) to (i) of sub-
regulation (2) of regulation 46 and paras C, D and E of Schedule V of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (hereinafter referred as “SEBI Listing Regulations”). 
We state that compliance of conditions of Corporate Governance is the responsibility of the management, and our examination was 
limited to procedures and implementation thereof adopted by the Company for ensuring compliance with conditions of Corporate 
Governance. It is neither an audit nor an expression of opinion on the financial statements of the Company.
In our opinion, and to the best of our information and according to our examination of the relevant records and the explanations 
given to us, we certify that the Company has complied with the conditions of Corporate Governance as prescribed under SEBI 
Listing Regulations.
We further state that such compliance is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor the efficiency or 
effectiveness with which the management has conducted the affairs of the Company.
This certificate is issued solely for the purposes of complying with SEBI Listing Regulations and may not be suitable for any other 
purpose.
For Mehta & Mehta,
Company Secretaries
(ICSI Unique Code P1996MH007500)
PR No.: 7281/2025
Alifya Sapatwala
Partner
ACS No: 24091
CP No: 24895 
Place: Mumbai 
Date: August 13, 2026
UDIN: A024091H001135509
136

--- page 140 ---
SECTION A: GENERAL DISCLOSURES
I. Details of the listed entity
1 Corporate Identity Number (CIN) of the Listed Entity L15142MH2005PLC243687
2 Name of the Listed Entity MANORAMA INDUSTRIES LIMITED
3 Year of incorporation 09-08-2005
4 Registered office address Office No 701, 7th Floor, Bonanza Building, Sahar 
Plaza Complex, JB Nagar Metro Station, Andheri 
Kurla Road, Andheri East, Mumbai, Maharashtra – 
400059
5 Corporate address F-6, Anupam Nagar, Raipur, Chhattisgarh , 492007
6 E-mail cs@manoramagroup.co.in
7 Telephone 0771-2282457
8 Website www.manoramagroup.co.in
9 Financial year for which reporting is being done FY 2025-26
10 Name of the Stock Exchange(s) where shares are listed NSE and BSE Limited
11 Paid-up Capital ` 11,94,17,060*
12 Name and contact details (telephone, email address) of the person 
who may be contacted in case of any queries on the BRSR report
Mr. Gautam Kumar Pal 
Whole Time Director 
Email ID: gautam@manoramagroup.co.in 
Contact No: 0771-228245
13 Reporting boundary - Are the disclosures under this report made 
on a standalone basis (i.e. only for the entity) or on a consolidated 
basis (i.e. for the entity and all the entities which form a part of its 
consolidated financial statements taken together).
The disclosures are being made for the Indian 
entity on Standalone basis**
14 Name of assurance provider Not applicable
15 Type of assurance obtained Not applicable 
* Pursuant to the allotment through qualified institutional placement of 34,01,360 equity shares on July 2, 2026 & ESOP allotment 
of 12500 equity shares on July 3rd ,2026 the paid-up capital of company increased to `12,62,44,780.
** The BRSR disclosures are presented on a standalone basis, representing the own operations of the Company. The reporting 
boundary description has been aligned with the scope of information reported in the BRSR. Consequently, references to reporting 
boundary in prior periods should be read in conjunction with the underlying scope of data disclosed. 
II. Pr oducts/services
16. Details of business activities (accounting for 90% of the tur nover):
S. No. Description of Main Activity Description of Business Activity % of Turnover of the entity
1 Manufacturing Oil, Fats and Butter Industry 100 %
17. Pr oducts/Services sold by the entity (accounting for 90% of the entity’s Turnover):
S.No. Product/Service NIC Code % of total turnover contributed
1 Specialty Butter and Fats 1040 95.72%
2 De-oiled Cake 1040 4.28%
III. Operations
18. Number of locations wher e plants and/or operations/offices of the entity are situated:
Location Number of plants Number of offices Total
National 1 5 6
International 0 0 0
Annexure V
BUSINESS RESPONSIBILITY & SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2025-2026
Manorama Industries Limited
Annual Report 2025-26
Corporate OverviewStatutory ReportsFinancial Statements
137

--- page 141 ---
(Note: The Company operates through one plant located at Birkoni, Chhattisgarh and five offices located at Chhattisgarh (corporate office), 
Maharashtra, Odisha, Madhya Pradesh and Jharkhand.) 
19. Mark ets served by the entity:
a Number of locations
Locations Number
National (No. of States) 19
International (No. of Countries) 35
b. What is the contribution of exports as a percentage of the total turnover of the entity? 57%
C A brief on types of customers - 
Manorama Industries Limited is a leading manufacturer and exporter of specialty fats and butter derived from 
Sal, Mango, Shea and other exotic seeds, including cocoa butter equivalents (CBE), catering primarily to industrial 
customers across confectionery, chocolate, food processing, cosmetics, cattle feed, and soap industries. The 
Company has a strong global presence, serving clients across the US, EU, Middle East, Russia, Turkey, Brazil and 
others supported by subsidiaries in West Africa, UAE, and Brazil. With increasing demand for customized, clean-
label, and application-specific solutions, Manorama focuses on delivering tailored fat systems aligned with diverse 
regional and industry requirements while expanding into new product segments such as industrial chocolate fats 
and palm derivatives.
IV. Employees
20. Details as at the end of Fina ncial Year:
a. Emplo yees and workers (including differently abled):
S.No. Particulars Total 
(A)
Male Female
No.(B) %(B/A) No.(C) %(C/A)
EMPLOYEES
1. Permanent (D) 293 253 86.35 % 40 13.65 %
2. Other than Permanent (E) 0 0 0 0 0
3. Total employees (D + E) 293 253 86.35 % 40 13.65 %
WORKERS
4. Permanent (F) 230 228 99.13 % 2 0.87 %
5. Other than Permanent (G) 222 220 99.10% 2 0.90%
6. Total workers (F + G) 452 448 99.12% 4 0.88 %
Note: For the purpose of workforce classification, “permanent employees” and “permanent workers” refer to individuals who are on the Company’s 
payroll. “Other than permanent workers” refers to individuals engaged through contractors, whether on a wage basis or piece-rate basis. Security 
personnel  is excluded from the total workforce count. 
b. Diff erently abled Employees and workers:
S.No. Particulars Total 
(A)
Male Female
No.(B) %(B/A) No.(C) %(C/A)
DIFFERENTL Y ABLED EMPLOYEES
1. Permanent(D) 0 0 0 0 0
2. Other than Permanent (E) 0 0 0 0 0
3. Total Differently abled (D+E) 0 0 0 0 0
DIFFERENTL Y ABLED WORKERS
4. Permanent(F) 0 0 0 0 0
5. Other than permanent (G) 0 0 0 0 0
6. Total Differently abled workers (F+G) 0 0 0 0 0
138

--- page 142 ---
21. P articipation/Inclusion/Representation of women
Particulars Total 
(A)
No. and percentage of Females
No.(B) %(B/A)
Board of Directors 10 3 30%
Key Management Personnel 1 0 0 %
Note: Key Managerial Personnel (KMP) are defined in accordance with the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013. The Managing Director (MD), 
Whole-Time Directors (WTDs), and CFO is also Executive Director therefore covered under the Board of Directors. The Company Secretary (CS) is 
included as a KMP and is not part of the Board.
22. T urnover rate for  permanent employees and workers
Particulars FY2025-26 
(Turnover rate in current FY)
FY2024-25 
(Turnover rate in previous FY)
FY 2023-24
(Turnover rate in the year prior 
to the previous FY)
Male Female Total Male Female Total Male Female Total
Permanent Employees 24 % 36 % 27 % 2% 0.1% 2.1% 0.98% 0% 0.98%
Permanent Workers 19% 0 % 19 % 0% 0% 0% 0% 0% 0%
Note: The Company has improved data tracking and revised the employee turnover calculation methodology in line with SEBI BRSR requirements; 
hence, the current year figures are not directly comparable with the previous year, resulting in a variation.
V. Holding, Subsidiar y and Associate Companies (including joint ventures)
23. (a) Names of holding / subs idiary / associate companies / joint ventures
S. 
No. Name of  the holding/
subsidiary/ associate companies/ joint 
ventures (A)
Indicate whether 
holding/ Subsidiary/ 
Associate/ Joint 
Venture
% of shares 
held by listed 
entity
Does the entity indicated at  
column A, participate
in the Business Responsibility 
initiatives of  the listed entity? 
(Yes/No)
1 Manorama Mena Trading LLC (in UAE) Subsidiary 100% Yes
2 Manorama Savanna Limited (in Nigeria) Subsidiary 100% Yes
3 Manorama Savanna Togo Sarl (in Togo) Subsidiary 100% Yes
4 Manorama Africa Savanna (in Ivory Coast) Subsidiary 100% Yes
5 Manorama Africa Benin (in Benin) Subsidiary 100% Yes
6 Manorama Burkina Sarl (in Burkina Faso) Subsidiary 100% Yes
7 Manorama Savanna Ghana Ltd (in Ghana) Subsidiary 100% Yes
8 Manorama Latin America L TDA (in Brazil) Subsidiary 100% Yes
9 Taang Kaam Industries SA (in Burkina Faso) Subsidiary 100% Yes
10 Manorama Savannah Agro Chad SARL, 
Republic of Chad
Subsidiary 100% Yes
VI. CSR  Details
24. (i)  Whether CSR is applicabl e as per section 135 of Companies Act, 2013: Yes
 (ii)  T urnover (in `) -  13,57,69,73,236
 (iii)  Net wor th (in `) - 6,94,86,12,454
Manorama Industries Limited
Annual Report 2025-26
Corporate OverviewStatutory ReportsFinancial Statements
139

--- page 143 ---
VII. T ransparency and Disclosures Compliances
25. Complaints/Grie vances on any of the principles (Principles 1 to 9) under the National Guidelines on Responsible Business Conduct:
Stakeholder 
group from 
whom 
complaint is 
received
Grievance Redressal 
Mechanismin Place (Yes/No) 
(If Yes, then provide web-link 
for grievance redress policy)
FY 2025-26 FY 2024-25 
Number of 
complaints 
filed during 
the year
Number of 
complaints 
pending 
resolution 
at close of 
the year
Remarks Number of 
complaints 
filed during 
the year
Number of 
complaints 
pending 
resolution 
at close of 
the year
Remarks
Communities Yes,
https://manoramagroup.
co.in/contact
Community members
can submit a formal
application to the Company 
highlighting their grievances..
0 0 Nil 0 0 Nil
Investors 
(other than 
share holders)
Yes, 
https://manoramagroup. co.in/
contact Company provides 
open communication channels 
to all investors to raise their 
queries/ complaints against the 
Company. A designated official 
of the Company is allocated to 
look into the grievances of the 
investors
0 0 Nil 0 0 Nil
Shareholders. Yes, https://manoramagroup. 
co.in/contact The Company 
attends shareholders’ 
grievances/ correspondences 
expeditiously and has in place a 
grievance redressal mechanism. 
The website of the Company 
also has an exclusive section 
for Shareholders where all 
the information relating to the 
Company including exchange 
filings are uploaded. Further, 
a designated official of the 
Company is allocated for 
correspondences with the 
shareholders and their queries
0 0 Nil 0 0 Nil
Employees and 
workers
Yes, 
https://manoramagroup. 
co.in/contact We have a Vigil 
Mechanism and Whistle Blower 
Policy to address the grievances 
raised by our employees and 
workers.
0 0 Nil 0 0 Nil
Customers Yes, 
https://manoramagroup. co.in/
contact. We have a Customer 
Complaint Management System 
(CCMS) in place, where product 
complaints are logged by our 
marketing team for its analysis 
and redressal
0 0 Nil 0 0 Nil
140

--- page 144 ---
Stakeholder 
group from 
whom 
complaint is 
received
Grievance Redressal 
Mechanismin Place (Yes/No) 
(If Yes, then provide web-link 
for grievance redress policy)
FY 2025-26 FY 2024-25 
Number of 
complaints 
filed during 
the year
Number of 
complaints 
pending 
resolution 
at close of 
the year
Remarks Number of 
complaints 
filed during 
the year
Number of 
complaints 
pending 
resolution 
at close of 
the year
Remarks
Value Chain 
Partners
Yes, 
The grievances handling 
mechanism is in place. https://
manoramagroup. co.in/contact
0 0 Nil 0 0 Nil
26. Ov erview of the entity’s material responsible business conduct issues - 
Please indicate material responsible business conduct and sustainability issues pertaining to environmental and social 
matters that present a risk or an opportunity to your business, rationale for identifying the same, approach to adapt or mitigate 
the risk along-with its financial implications, as per the following format :
S. 
No.
Material 
issue 
identified
Indicate 
whether 
risk or 
opportunity 
(R/O)
Rationale for identifying the 
risk /opportunity
In case of risk, approach to 
adapt or mitigate
Financial implications of 
the risk or opportunity 
(Indicate positive or 
negative
1 GHG 
emission 
and energy 
management
Risk Manorama Industries Limited 
has identified GHG emissions 
and energy management 
as a material risk due to 
the energy -intensive nature 
of its operations and the 
evolving regulatory landscape 
governing climate-related 
disclosures and emissions. 
The company’s core 
manufacturing processes—
including refining, and 
processing of specialty fats—
require significant energy, 
resulting in considerable 
direct and indirect 
greenhouse gas emissions. 
With increasing focus from 
regulators, investors, and 
global customers on carbon 
footprint reduction and 
transparency, the company 
is exposed to risks related 
to stringent environmental 
regulations, mandatory 
climate disclosures, etc. 
Additionally, rising energy 
• Implementation of energy 
efficiency improvement 
initiatives across operations, 
including installation of 
variable frequency drives 
(VFDs) and adoption of 
energy-efficient motors for 
high-load equipment.
• Optimization of electrical 
consumption through LED 
retrofits, lighting redesign, 
and deployment of power 
factor improvement systems 
to enhance power quality 
and reduce energy losses.
• Incr easing automation of 
thermal and mechanical 
processes to improve 
operational precision and 
minimize unnecessary 
energy consumption.
• Deplo yment of waste heat 
recovery systems to capture 
and reuse thermal energy, 
thereby lowering overall fuel 
consumption and associated 
emissions.
Negative – Higher 
energy intensity and fuel 
dependence may increase 
operational costs and 
require additional capital 
investment for efficiency 
improvements and 
regulatory compliance.
Potential exposure to 
evolving climate regulations 
and customer sustainability 
expectations could also 
impact margins and market 
competitiveness.
Manorama Industries Limited
Annual Report 2025-26
Corporate OverviewStatutory ReportsFinancial Statements
141

--- page 145 ---
S. 
No.
Material 
issue 
identified
Indicate 
whether 
risk or 
opportunity 
(R/O)
Rationale for identifying the 
risk /opportunity
In case of risk, approach to 
adapt or mitigate
Financial implications of 
the risk or opportunity 
(Indicate positive or 
negative
costs and dependence on fuel-
based energy sources may 
impact operational efficiency 
and cost competitiveness.
• T ransition towards low-
carbon energy sources, 
including the use of 
biomass (rice husk) for 
steam generation, reducing 
dependence on fossil 
fuels and supporting 
decarbonisation.
• De velopment of energy-
efficient infrastructure 
aligned with green building 
principles (IGBC) to 
improve resource efficiency, 
reduce electricity demand, 
and enhance overall 
environmental performance.
• Continuous upgradation of 
equipment and utilities, such 
as compressors and control 
systems, to improve energy 
performance and stabilize 
operational loads.
• Str engthening operational 
controls and process 
optimization measures to 
reduce energy intensity and 
improve long-term energy 
resilience.
2 Water 
management
Risk Manorama Industries 
Limited has identified water 
management as a material 
risk due to its operations 
being located in a region 
experiencing high water stress 
and the criticality of water as a 
key input in its manufacturing 
processes. The company’s 
operations are water-
intensive, particularly due to 
continuous boiler usage for 
steam generation, making it 
dependent on reliable water 
availability. Any constraints 
in water access, regulatory 
The company has undertaken 
several initiatives to mitigate 
water-related risks and 
ensure sustainable water 
management across its 
operations, including:
• Adoption of a zero liquid 
discharge approach, 
ensuring that no treated 
or untreated wastewater 
is discharged outside the 
facility.
• Installation and effective 
operation of an Effluent 
Treatment Plant (ETP) 
to treat RO reject, boiler 
blowdown, and process 
water, ensuring complete 
recovery and reuse.
Negative – Water scarcity 
and regulatory restrictions 
may increase operational 
costs through higher water 
procurement, treatment, 
and recycling expenses.
Potential disruptions in 
water availability could 
impact production continuity 
and require additional 
capital investment in water 
management infrastructure.
142

--- page 146 ---
S. 
No.
Material 
issue 
identified
Indicate 
whether 
risk or 
opportunity 
(R/O)
Rationale for identifying the 
risk /opportunity
In case of risk, approach to 
adapt or mitigate
Financial implications of 
the risk or opportunity 
(Indicate positive or 
negative
restrictions on withdrawal, 
or increased competition 
for water resources may 
disrupt operations, increase 
costs, and impact production 
efficiency, thereby posing a 
significant operational and 
business continuity risk.
• Maximisation of water reuse, 
with 100% of treated water 
being utilised for non-potable 
applications such as cooling 
towers, gardening, floor 
washing, and ash spraying.
• Deplo yment of flow meters 
and calibrated monitoring 
systems at critical points 
to enable accurate, 
continuous tracking of water 
consumption.
• Continuous focus on 
optimising water use 
efficiency and reducing 
freshwater dependency 
through improved process 
control and recycling 
mechanisms.
3 Waste 
management 
and circular 
economy
Opportunity Manorama Industries 
Limited has identified waste 
management and circular 
economy as a strategic 
opportunity owing to its 
ability to derive value from 
process by-products and 
align with sustainable 
resource utilization practices. 
The company generates 
both hazardous and non-
hazardous waste, which is 
managed and disposed of in 
accordance with regulatory 
requirements, while recyclable 
waste streams are channelled 
to authorised recyclers for 
value recovery. Additionally, 
several by-products from 
operations are effectively 
utilised across industries—
such as gum being used in 
wax production, de oiled cake 
as cattle feed, spent earth in 
the agarbatti industry, and 
rice husk ash in brick and 
cement manufacturing—
enabling resource efficiency 
Not applicable Positive – Effective waste 
utilisation and recycling 
enable cost savings through 
reduced disposal expenses 
and generation of additional 
revenue from by-product 
sales.
Manorama Industries Limited
Annual Report 2025-26
Corporate OverviewStatutory ReportsFinancial Statements
143

--- page 147 ---
S. 
No.
Material 
issue 
identified
Indicate 
whether 
risk or 
opportunity 
(R/O)
Rationale for identifying the 
risk /opportunity
In case of risk, approach to 
adapt or mitigate
Financial implications of 
the risk or opportunity 
(Indicate positive or 
negative
and reducing landfill 
dependency. This circular 
approach not only minimises 
environmental impact but 
also creates opportunities 
for cost optimisation, 
additional revenue streams, 
and enhanced sustainability 
positioning.
4 Biodiversity Risk Manorama Industries Limited 
has identified biodiversity 
as a material risk due to its 
dependence on forest-based 
raw materials such as Sal 
Seed, Mango Kernel, Shea 
Nuts, and other Exotic Seeds, 
which are sourced from 
ecologically sensitive regions 
in India and West Africa. The 
company’s business model 
is directly linked to the health 
and availability of these 
natural ecosystems, making 
it vulnerable to biodiversity 
loss, habitat degradation, 
and ecological imbalance. 
Any decline in forest health 
or disruption in ecosystem 
services could adversely 
affect raw material availability 
and quality. Additionally, 
increasing global focus on 
biodiversity protection, along 
with evolving sustainability 
frameworks and stakeholder 
expectations, exposes the 
company to regulatory, 
reputational, and supply chain 
risks if biodiversity is not 
effectively managed.
The company has undertaken 
several initiatives to mitigate 
biodiversity-related risks 
and strengthen ecosystem 
conservation, including:
• Adoption of sustainable, 
non-destructive sourcing 
practices based on collection 
of naturally fallen seeds. 
• Implementation of the NDPE 
(No Deforestation, No Peat, 
No Exploitation) framework. 
• Str engthening biodiversity 
through community 
partnerships across sourcing 
regions in India and West 
Africa. 
• Pr omotion of sustainable 
collection practices for  Sal 
Seed, Mango Kernel, Shea 
Nuts, and other Exotic Seeds, 
among collectors. 
• Conducting environmental 
training and awareness 
programs, particularly 
among women collectors. 
• Suppor ting local cultivation 
of native tree species to 
promote natural regeneration 
and reduce pressure on 
forest resources. 
• Under taking plantation drives 
and sapling distribution 
across tribal belts to enhance 
ecological resilience.
Negative – Biodiversity 
degradation could disrupt 
raw material supply chains, 
increase sourcing costs, 
and impact production 
continuity.
144

--- page 148 ---
S. 
No.
Material 
issue 
identified
Indicate 
whether 
risk or 
opportunity 
(R/O)
Rationale for identifying the 
risk /opportunity
In case of risk, approach to 
adapt or mitigate
Financial implications of 
the risk or opportunity 
(Indicate positive or 
negative
5 Land use and 
deforestation
Risk Manorama Industries Limited 
has identified land use and 
deforestation as a material 
risk given its reliance on 
forest-derived inputs and 
operations linked to high 
ecological value landscapes. 
Unsustainable land use 
practices or deforestation 
within sourcing regions could 
lead to resource depletion, 
regulatory restrictions, and 
increased scrutiny from 
global customers and 
investors. As international 
markets increasingly mandate 
deforestation-free supply 
chains, any perceived or 
actual association with land 
conversion or ecosystem 
degradation may impact 
the company’s ability to 
operate competitively. 
Additionally, changes in land 
use patterns due to climate 
or developmental pressures 
may affect the long-term 
availability of raw materials.
The company has implemented 
the following measures 
to address land use and 
deforestation risks:
• Adoption of a non-destructive 
forest-floor sourcing model, 
ensuring that no trees are 
cut, damaged, or cultivated 
for raw materials. 
• Implementation of the 
NDPE policy, reinforcing 
commitment to zero 
deforestation and 
responsible land use. 
• Ensuring sourcing from High 
Conservation Value (HCV) 
and High Carbon Stock (HCS) 
forests without altering land 
use. 
• Collection of raw materials 
only after natural fruit fall, 
preserving ecological cycles 
and preventing land-use 
change. 
• Establishment of a 
decentralised sourcing 
network that engages tribal 
and rural communities, 
reducing pressure on forests 
while supporting livelihoods. 
• Pr omotion of transparent, 
traceable sourcing practices, 
including direct payments 
through banking channels.
Negative – Deforestation-
related risks may lead to 
supply chain disruptions, 
increased compliance 
costs, and restricted access 
to key export markets with 
stringent sustainability 
requirements.
Potential reputational 
damage and evolving 
regulatory obligations could 
also impact revenue growth 
and long-term business 
viability.
6 Human rights Risk Manorama Industries Limited 
has identified human rights 
as a material risk given its 
dependence on an extensive, 
geographically dispersed 
supply chain involving 
forest-dependent and rural 
communities in India and 
West Africa. The sourcing 
of tree-borne seeds through 
The company has undertaken 
several initiatives to mitigate 
human rights-related risks and 
strengthen ethical practices 
across its operations and 
supply chain, including:
• Adoption of human rights 
policies aligned with 
international frameworks, 
including the UN Global 
Negative – non-
compliance with human 
rights standards may lead 
to reputational damage, 
supply chain disruptions, 
and loss of business 
opportunities, particularly 
in global markets with 
stringent ethical sourcing 
requirements.
Manorama Industries Limited
Annual Report 2025-26
Corporate OverviewStatutory ReportsFinancial Statements
145

--- page 149 ---
S. 
No.
Material 
issue 
identified
Indicate 
whether 
risk or 
opportunity 
(R/O)
Rationale for identifying the 
risk /opportunity
In case of risk, approach to 
adapt or mitigate
Financial implications of 
the risk or opportunity 
(Indicate positive or 
negative
decentralized collection 
networks exposes the 
company to potential risks 
related to labour practices, fair 
wages, working conditions, 
and community rights. 
Additionally, increasing 
regulatory expectations and 
global customer requirements 
on responsible sourcing, 
traceability, and ethical 
practices heighten the risk 
of non-compliance and 
reputational impact. Any 
gaps in ensuring adherence 
to human rights standards 
across the value chain could 
affect supply continuity, 
stakeholder trust, and access 
to international markets.
Compact, Universal Declaration 
of Human Rights, and ILO 
core conventions.
• Commitment to fair 
treatment, safe working 
conditions, ethical conduct, 
and respect for the rights 
of tribal and indigenous 
communities within its value 
chain.
• Implementation of a 
zero-tolerance policy on 
child labour, including 
age verification, supplier 
compliance requirements, 
and corrective action 
mechanisms.
• Ensuring workplaces 
free from discrimination, 
harassment, intimidation, 
and forced or involuntary 
labour, with equal opportunity 
for all workers.
• Enabling freedom of 
association and collective 
representation for employees 
and workers.
• Establishment of robust 
governance mechanisms, 
including oversight by HR 
and Compliance teams, 
supported by committees 
such as POSH Committee, 
Safety Committee, and 
Workers’ Committee.
• Adoption of independent 
third-party certifications 
and assessments (e.g., Fair 
Trade, Fair for Life, SMETA 
4-Pillar, EcoVadis) to validate 
ethical practices and supply 
chain transparency.
146

--- page 150 ---
S. 
No.
Material 
issue 
identified
Indicate 
whether 
risk or 
opportunity 
(R/O)
Rationale for identifying the 
risk /opportunity
In case of risk, approach to 
adapt or mitigate
Financial implications of 
the risk or opportunity 
(Indicate positive or 
negative
• Continuous focus on 
responsible sourcing and 
engagement with supply 
chain stakeholders to uphold 
human rights standards
7 Occupational 
Health & 
Safety
Risk Manorama Industries Limited 
has identified Occupational 
Health & Safety (OHS) as 
a material risk due to the 
inherently hazardous nature of 
its manufacturing operations, 
which involve high-
temperature processes, boiler 
operations, heavy machinery, 
and material handling. These 
activities expose employees 
and contract workers 
to potential workplace 
hazards such as thermal 
risks, mechanical injuries, 
and operational accidents. 
Additionally, stringent 
regulatory requirements, 
increasing focus on workplace 
safety standards, and 
stakeholder expectations 
necessitate robust OHS 
practices. Any lapses in health 
and safety management 
could lead to employee harm, 
operational disruptions, 
regulatory non-compliance, 
financial liabilities, and 
reputational damage, making 
OHS a critical risk area for the 
company.
The company has undertaken 
several initiatives to mitigate 
occupational health and 
safety risks and ensure a safe 
working environment across its 
operations, including:
• Implementation of a 
structured OHS management 
system aligned with ISO 
45001:2018, ensuring a 
systematic approach to 
identifying, assessing, and 
managing workplace risks.
• Conducting Hazard 
Identification and Risk 
Assessment (HIRARC) 
across routine and non-
routine activities, with 
periodic reassessment 
during operational changes.
• Adoption of the hierarchy 
of controls to eliminate 
or reduce risks through 
engineering controls, 
administrative measures, 
and use of personal 
protective equipment (PPE).
• Pr ovision of occupational 
health services, including 
on-site medical facilities, 
first aid, periodic health 
check-ups, and preventive 
healthcare programs.
• Regular training and 
awareness programs for 
employees and contract 
workers covering machine 
safety, electrical safety, 
Negative – Workplace 
incidents or inadequate 
safety practices may lead 
to reduced workforce 
productivity, absenteeism, 
and operational disruptions.
This can increase costs 
through downtime, 
compensation, and 
additional investments in 
safety controls and training. 
Manorama Industries Limited
Annual Report 2025-26
Corporate OverviewStatutory ReportsFinancial Statements
147

--- page 151 ---
S. 
No.
Material 
issue 
identified
Indicate 
whether 
risk or 
opportunity 
(R/O)
Rationale for identifying the 
risk /opportunity
In case of risk, approach to 
adapt or mitigate
Financial implications of 
the risk or opportunity 
(Indicate positive or 
negative
chemical handling, LOTO, 
work at height, and safe 
material handling practices.
• Establishment of incident 
reporting and investigation 
mechanisms, including 
root cause analysis and 
time-bound corrective and 
preventive actions.
• Str engthening governance 
through safety committees 
and management 
oversight, ensuring 
continuous monitoring and 
accountability.
• Ensuring availability of 
worker welfare facilities 
such as sanitation, drinking 
water, canteens, and 
accommodation, supporting 
overall well-being.
• Conducting safety 
awareness initiatives such as 
fire safety training, drills, and 
engagement programs to 
build a strong safety culture.
8 Employee 
attraction, 
Retention and 
Development
Opportunity Manorama Industries Limited 
has identified employee 
attraction, retention, and 
development as a strategic 
opportunity, recognizing 
that a skilled, engaged, and 
motivated workforce is critical 
to sustaining operational 
efficiency and long-term 
growth. Given the company’s 
specialised manufacturing 
processes and geographically 
diverse operations, the ability 
to attract and retain talent, 
while continuously upgrading 
workforce capabilities, 
enhances productivity, 
innovation, and operational 
Not applicable Positive – Improved 
employee retention and 
capability development 
reduce hiring and training 
costs while enhancing 
productivity and operational 
efficiency.
148

--- page 152 ---
S. 
No.
Material 
issue 
identified
Indicate 
whether 
risk or 
opportunity 
(R/O)
Rationale for identifying the 
risk /opportunity
In case of risk, approach to 
adapt or mitigate
Financial implications of 
the risk or opportunity 
(Indicate positive or 
negative
excellence. Additionally, 
increasing focus on employee 
well-being, training, and 
inclusive workplace practices 
strengthens employer 
branding and supports the 
company’s ability to remain 
competitive in attracting talent 
and meeting evolving industry 
and stakeholder expectations.
9 Supply-Chain 
Management
Opportunity Manorama Industries 
Limited has identified supply 
chain management as a 
strategic opportunity given its 
community-centred, globally 
integrated sourcing model 
across India and West Africa. 
The company’s supply chain is 
built on long-term partnerships 
with local collectors, women-
led cooperatives, and rural 
communities, ensuring 
sustainable sourcing of forest-
based raw materials while 
promoting livelihoods and 
social impact. The integration 
of ethical sourcing practices, 
traceability systems, and 
sustainability commitments 
such as NDPE strengthens 
transparency, resilience, 
and alignment with global 
standards. Additionally, the 
company’s participation in 
global platforms such as 
the Global Shea Alliance 
and its structured supplier 
engagement framework 
enhance supply security, 
improve risk management, 
and create a differentiated, 
responsible sourcing model 
that supports long-term value 
creation.
Not applicable Positive – A resilient, 
traceable, and responsibly 
managed supply chain 
improves raw material 
security, reduces disruption 
risks, and enhances 
operational efficiency.
Strong alignment with 
global sustainability 
standards also strengthens 
customer trust, enabling 
market access, premium 
positioning, and long-term 
revenue growth.
Manorama Industries Limited
Annual Report 2025-26
Corporate OverviewStatutory ReportsFinancial Statements
149

--- page 153 ---
S. 
No.
Material 
issue 
identified
Indicate 
whether 
risk or 
opportunity 
(R/O)
Rationale for identifying the 
risk /opportunity
In case of risk, approach to 
adapt or mitigate
Financial implications of 
the risk or opportunity 
(Indicate positive or 
negative
10 Community 
Welfare
Opportunity Manorama Industries Limited 
has identified community 
welfare as a strategic 
opportunity given its deeply 
integrated, community-centric 
sourcing model that directly 
engages forest-dependent 
populations across India and 
West Africa. The company’s 
operations are closely linked 
to local livelihoods, particularly 
through women-led self-
help groups, cooperatives, 
and rural collectors involved 
in sourcing tree-borne 
seeds. By fostering inclusive 
growth, promoting gender 
equity, and strengthening 
rural economic participation, 
the company enhances 
supply chain stability and 
builds long-term trust with 
stakeholders. This approach 
not only supports socio-
economic development but 
also strengthens sustainable 
sourcing practices, preserves 
traditional ecological 
knowledge, and reinforces the 
resilience and continuity of its 
value chain.
Not applicable Positive – Strong 
community engagement 
improves supply chain 
reliability, reduces sourcing 
disruptions, and lowers long-
term procurement risks. 
Enhanced social impact 
and inclusive development 
also strengthen brand value, 
customer trust, and access 
to sustainability-focused 
markets, supporting long-
term revenue growth.
11 Innovation 
and Product 
Stewardship
Opportunity Manorama Industries Limited 
has identified innovation 
and product stewardship 
as a strategic opportunity 
driven by its focus on 
specialty fats, sustainable 
sourcing, and evolving 
customer requirements 
in global markets. The 
company’s ability to develop 
value-added, application-
specific products from 
forest-based raw materials 
Not applicable Positive – Innovation in 
value-added products and 
sustainable formulations 
can enhance revenue 
through premium pricing 
and access to high-value 
global markets. Strong 
product stewardship and 
quality assurance also 
reduce compliance risks, 
strengthen customer 
retention, and support long-
term profitability.
150

--- page 154 ---
S. 
No.
Material 
issue 
identified
Indicate 
whether 
risk or 
opportunity 
(R/O)
Rationale for identifying the 
risk /opportunity
In case of risk, approach to 
adapt or mitigate
Financial implications of 
the risk or opportunity 
(Indicate positive or 
negative
enables differentiation and 
strengthens its positioning 
in industries such as food, 
cosmetics, and personal 
care. Increasing demand 
for sustainable, traceable, 
and responsibly produced 
ingredients further creates 
opportunities for the company 
to innovate in product design, 
improve lifecycle stewardship, 
and align with global ESG 
expectations. By integrating 
sustainability into product 
development and ensuring 
quality, safety, and traceability 
across the value chain, 
the company can enhance 
customer trust, expand into 
premium markets, and drive 
long-term growth.
12 Diversity and 
Inclusion
Opportunity Manorama Industries Limited 
has identified diversity and 
inclusion as a strategic 
opportunity, recognising 
that a diverse and equitable 
workforce strengthens 
collaboration, fosters 
innovation, and enhances 
overall organisational 
performance. The company’s 
focus on inclusive workplace 
practices—supported by 
equal opportunity and equal 
remuneration policies, 
unbiased recruitment, and 
transparent performance 
evaluation systems—helps 
create a culture of fairness and 
belonging. Additionally, active 
promotion of participation 
from underrepresented 
groups, including women 
and persons with disabilities, 
Not applicable Positive – A diverse 
and inclusive workforce 
enhances employee 
engagement, productivity, 
and retention, reducing 
recruitment and turnover 
costs.
It also strengthens 
innovation, decision-
making, and employer 
branding, supporting long-
term business performance 
and value creation.
Manorama Industries Limited
Annual Report 2025-26
Corporate OverviewStatutory ReportsFinancial Statements
151

--- page 155 ---
S. 
No.
Material 
issue 
identified
Indicate 
whether 
risk or 
opportunity 
(R/O)
Rationale for identifying the 
risk /opportunity
In case of risk, approach to 
adapt or mitigate
Financial implications of 
the risk or opportunity 
(Indicate positive or 
negative
along with flexible work 
practices and continuous 
learning initiatives, enables the 
company to build a resilient, 
future-ready workforce 
aligned with evolving 
stakeholder expectations and 
global best practices.
13 Regulatory 
and 
Compliance
Risk Manorama Industries Limited 
has identified regulatory and 
compliance as a material 
risk due to the increasing 
stringency and evolving nature 
of environmental, social, and 
governance (ESG) regulations 
across its operational and 
sourcing geographies. The 
company operates in a 
regulated manufacturing 
environment and is also 
part of global supply chains 
that require adherence to 
diverse standards relating 
to emissions, waste, human 
rights, product quality, 
and responsible sourcing. 
Growing requirements under 
frameworks such as BRSR, 
along with international 
expectations around 
traceability, NDPE compliance, 
and ethical sourcing, increase 
the complexity of compliance 
management. Any failure 
to meet applicable laws, 
regulatory requirements, or 
customer-driven standards 
could result in penalties, 
operational disruptions, 
reputational damage, and 
restricted access to key 
markets, making this a 
significant business risk.
The company has undertaken 
several initiatives to strengthen 
regulatory compliance and 
minimise associated risks, 
including:
• Establishment of robust 
policies and governance 
frameworks, including 
NDPE, human rights, and 
responsible sourcing 
policies aligned with global 
standards.
• Implementation of structured 
compliance systems 
and standard operating 
procedures (SOPs) to ensure 
adherence to applicable laws 
and regulations.
• Cer tifications and third-party 
assessments such as ISO 
standards, SMETA 4 PILLAR, 
EcoVadis, Fairtrade, FSSC 
22000 and Fair for Life to 
validate compliance.
• Str engthening supply chain 
assessments, including 
supplier screening, 
contractual obligations, and 
periodic audits.
• Deplo yment of traceability 
systems to ensure 
transparency and regulatory 
alignment across the value 
chain.
Negative – non-compliance 
may result in penalties, legal 
liabilities, and operational 
disruptions, increasing 
overall business costs. 
Additional investments 
in compliance systems, 
certifications, audits, and 
reporting requirements may 
also impact profitability in 
the short to medium term.
152

--- page 156 ---
S. 
No.
Material 
issue 
identified
Indicate 
whether 
risk or 
opportunity 
(R/O)
Rationale for identifying the 
risk /opportunity
In case of risk, approach to 
adapt or mitigate
Financial implications of 
the risk or opportunity 
(Indicate positive or 
negative
• Continuous monitoring, 
training, and capacity-
building initiatives to keep 
employees and suppliers 
updated on evolving 
regulatory requirements.
• Establishment of grievance 
mechanisms and compliance 
monitoring systems to 
identify and address risks 
proactively
14 Corporate 
Governance 
and ethical 
business 
conduct
Opportunity Manorama Industries Limited 
has identified corporate 
governance and ethical 
business conduct as a 
strategic opportunity as it 
strengthens stakeholder 
trust, enhances transparency, 
and supports long-term 
sustainable growth. The 
company’s commitment to 
robust governance practices, 
ethical sourcing, compliance 
with global standards, and 
transparent disclosures 
enables it to build credibility 
with investors, customers, and 
partners. Strong governance 
frameworks, supported by 
policies on ethics, human 
rights, NDPE, and responsible 
sourcing, also improve risk 
management and decision-
making processes. In an 
increasingly ESG-focused 
business environment, 
adherence to high standards 
of integrity and accountability 
provides a competitive 
advantage and reinforces the 
company’s reputation across 
domestic and international 
markets.
Not applicable Positive – Strong 
governance and ethical 
practices enhance investor 
confidence, reduce 
compliance risks, and 
improve access to capital 
and global markets.
They also support long-
term value creation by 
strengthening reputation, 
enabling better risk 
management, and fostering 
sustainable business 
growth.
Manorama Industries Limited
Annual Report 2025-26
Corporate OverviewStatutory ReportsFinancial Statements
153

--- page 157 ---
S. 
No.
Material 
issue 
identified
Indicate 
whether 
risk or 
opportunity 
(R/O)
Rationale for identifying the 
risk /opportunity
In case of risk, approach to 
adapt or mitigate
Financial implications of 
the risk or opportunity 
(Indicate positive or 
negative
15 Customer 
Centricity
Opportunity Manorama Industries Limited 
has identified customer 
centricity as a strategic 
opportunity, driven by its 
customer-first approach and 
strong presence in global 
food and specialty ingredients 
markets. The company 
serves a diverse customer 
base across confectionery, 
chocolate, food, cosmetics, 
and feed applications, 
requiring consistent quality 
and customised solutions. 
Its structured feedback 
and grievance redressal 
mechanisms, including 
dedicated customer access 
channels, complaint tracking, 
and CAPA processes, 
enable timely resolution and 
continuous improvement. 
Regular customer satisfaction 
surveys and Voice of 
Customer (VoC) insights 
further support alignment 
with evolving customer 
expectations, strengthening 
long-term relationships and 
enhancing service delivery.
Not applicable Positive – Strong 
customer relationships and 
responsiveness enhance 
customer retention, repeat 
business, and revenue 
stability. 
Improved product quality, 
service delivery, and 
alignment with customer 
expectations also support 
market expansion and long-
term revenue growth.
16 Cybersecurity 
and Data 
privacy
Risk Manorama Industries Limited 
has identified cybersecurity 
and data privacy as a 
material risk in the context 
of an increasingly digital 
business environment, where 
safeguarding information 
assets is critical to maintaining 
operational continuity, 
protecting stakeholder trust, 
and ensuring the integrity of 
its global supply chain. The 
company relies on digital 
systems for managing 
The company has undertaken 
several initiatives to mitigate 
cybersecurity and data privacy 
risks and strengthen digital 
resilience, including:
• Adoption of a comprehensive 
Cybersecurity Policy covering 
network security, access 
controls, data handling, and 
retention practices.
• Implementation of robust 
security controls to 
safeguard confidential, 
sensitive, and personal data 
Negative – Cyber incidents 
or data breaches may lead 
to operational disruptions, 
data loss, regulatory 
penalties, and reputational 
damage.
154

--- page 158 ---
S. 
No.
Material 
issue 
identified
Indicate 
whether 
risk or 
opportunity 
(R/O)
Rationale for identifying the 
risk /opportunity
In case of risk, approach to 
adapt or mitigate
Financial implications of 
the risk or opportunity 
(Indicate positive or 
negative
operations, supply chain 
traceability, customer 
interactions, and compliance 
processes, making it 
vulnerable to risks such as 
data breaches, cyberattacks, 
and unauthorized access. 
Additionally, evolving data 
protection regulations and 
increasing stakeholder 
expectations for data security 
further heighten the risk of 
non-compliance, operational 
disruption, and reputational 
impact.
across systems.
• Ensuring strong governance 
and oversight, with periodic 
reviews by senior leadership 
and continuous monitoring 
of cyber risks.
• Conducting regular internal 
audits and independent 
third-party assessments 
to evaluate system 
effectiveness and drive 
continuous improvement.
• Implementation of data 
backup and protection 
mechanisms, ensuring 
secure storage and defined 
retention and deletion 
protocols.
• Conducting annual 
cybersecurity training 
programs to build employee 
awareness on phishing risks, 
secure system usage, safe 
data practices, and incident 
reporting.
• Str engthening incident 
management and response 
mechanisms to ensure 
timely identification and 
mitigation of cyber threats.
17 Political 
advocacy and 
responsible 
lobbying
Opportunity Manorama Industries 
Limited has identified 
political advocacy and 
responsible lobbying as 
a strategic opportunity to 
engage constructively with 
policymakers, industry bodies, 
and regulatory institutions to 
support the development of 
sustainable, transparent, and 
equitable business practices. 
Through responsible 
participation in policy dialogue, 
Not applicable Positive – Constructive 
engagement with 
policymakers can support 
a favourable regulatory 
environment, reduce 
compliance uncertainty, 
and enable smoother 
business operations. It also 
strengthens stakeholder 
confidence and helps 
safeguard long-term 
business continuity and 
growth.
Manorama Industries Limited
Annual Report 2025-26
Corporate OverviewStatutory ReportsFinancial Statements
155

--- page 159 ---
S. 
No.
Material 
issue 
identified
Indicate 
whether 
risk or 
opportunity 
(R/O)
Rationale for identifying the 
risk /opportunity
In case of risk, approach to 
adapt or mitigate
Financial implications of 
the risk or opportunity 
(Indicate positive or 
negative
the company can contribute 
to shaping regulations related 
to sustainable sourcing, agri-
based industries, and ESG 
practices, aligning industry 
growth with environmental and 
social priorities. A transparent 
and ethical approach 
to advocacy enhances 
stakeholder trust, reinforces 
governance standards, and 
ensures that the company’s 
interests are represented in a 
manner consistent with legal 
and ethical expectations
SECTION B: MANAGEMENT AND PROCESS DISCLOSURES
This section is aimed at helping businesses demonstrate the structures, policies and processes put in place towards adopting 
the NGRBC Principles and Core Elements.
S. 
No.
Policy and management processes P1 P2 P3 P4 P5 P6 P7 P8 P9
1 a. Whether your entity’s policy/policies cover 
each principle and its core elements of the 
NGRBCs. (Yes/No)
Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes
b. Has the policy been approved by the 
Board? (Yes/No)
Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes
c. Web Link of the Policies, if available https://manoramagroup.co.in/investors-policies
2 Whether the entity has translated the policy into 
procedures. (Yes / No)
Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes
3 Do the enlisted policies extend to your value 
chain partners? (Yes/No)
Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes
4 Name of the national and international codes/
certifications/labels/ standards (e.g. Forest 
Stewardship Council, Fairtrade, Rainforest 
Alliance, Trustea) standards (e.g. SA 8000, 
OHSAS, ISO, BIS) adopted by your entity and 
mapped to each principle.
FSSAI, US FDA, UN Global Compact, Fair For Life, COSMOS Organic, 
Kosher, FSSC 22000, Halal, ISO 9001:2015, ISO 14001:2015, ISO 
45001:2018, RSPOSCC, SMETA – 4 Pillar, FairTrade, ZED GOLD 
(MSME), EcoVadis.
5 Specific commitments, goals and targets set by 
the entity with defined timelines, if any.
1. W ater Stewardship: Reduce fresh water consumption and 
continuously enhance internal recycling and ZLD mechanisms.
2. Ensur e Sustainanble sourcing of raw materials in overall supply 
chain
156

--- page 160 ---
S. 
No.
Policy and management processes P1 P2 P3 P4 P5 P6 P7 P8 P9
3. Ensuring Biodiversity conservation through regular training on 
environment and wildlife conservation along with plantation of 
native species in the sourcing areas.
4. S ustainable Sourcing: Maintain 100% direct procurement from 
marginalized forest dwellers and women SHGs in FY 2026-27.
5. W orkplace HRDD: Ensure Human Rights Due Diligence (HRDD) 
coverage for all employees and workers.
6. ESG Governance: continously strengthen ESG data collection, 
monitoring, and transparency in disclosures.
7. Renewable Energy: Increase the share of renewable energy in 
operations by 10% to 15% in upcoming years
8. W aste Management: Reduce total waste generation by 20% and 
increase the use of recyclable materials.
9. Biodiv ersity: Plant native species and conduct wildlife 
conservation training in forest sourcing zones.
10. Occupationa l Safety: efforts to maintain Zero Lost Time Injuries 
(L TI) target across all company’s location during FY2026-27
11. NDPE Commitments: Engage and onboard at least of key 
suppliers on NDPE commitments in FY 2026-27.
6 Performance of the entity against the specific commitments, goals and targets along-with reasons in case the same 
are not met.
The Company is currently implementing a mechanism to monitor and track progress against the above-mentioned 
targets.
Governance, leadership and oversight
7. Statement by director responsible for the business responsibility report, highlighting ESG related challenges, targets and 
achievements (listed entity has flexibility regarding the placement of this disclosure)
In an increasingly interconnected and climate-conscious world, global supply chains are undergoing a structural 
transformation. Industries are progressively shifting towards responsible sourcing, sustainable production, and traceable 
value chains, particularly within the food, cosmetics, and specialty ingredients sectors. The demand for plant-based, ethically 
sourced alternatives such as specialty fats and Cocoa Butter Equivalents (CBE) continues to grow, driven by evolving 
consumer preferences, regulatory expectations, and the need to address environmental and social challenges. Within this 
evolving landscape, companies must go beyond compliance to embed sustainability into their core business strategies.
At Manorama Industries Limited, sustainability is not an adjunct to business—it is the very foundation upon which our 
operations and long-term strategy are built. Operating in a sector that is intrinsically linked to natural ecosystems and 
community livelihoods, we recognize that responsible stewardship of resources and inclusive growth are essential for 
business continuity and value creation. Our approach integrates environmental consciousness, social upliftment, and strong 
governance practices to ensure that growth is both resilient and equitable.
During FY 2025–26, Manorama Industries has once again delivered a robust and sustainable performance, underscoring 
the strength of its integrated business model. The Company recorded strong revenue growth, reflecting sustained demand 
across the food and cosmetics sectors, while also reinforcing the resilience of its value chain. A key milestone achieved during 
the year was the enhancement of installed capacity at Solvent Fractionation Plant 2, alongside continued focus on future 
capacity expansion. These efforts are aligned with our strategy to strengthen our leadership position in specialty fats and 
butters, particularly in the Cocoa Butter Alternatives segment.
Additionally, the Company has outlined a strategic capital expenditure plan aimed at driving forward and backward integration, 
expanding refining capabilities, and strengthening global sourcing infrastructure, including the establishment of a processing 
facility in West Africa. Another notable milestone was the achievement of cash profits exceeding the Company’s gross block, 
Manorama Industries Limited
Annual Report 2025-26
Corporate OverviewStatutory ReportsFinancial Statements
157

--- page 161 ---
reflecting strong capital efficiency and the inherent strength of our niche and scalable business model.
Our unique value proposition lies in our “forest-to-factory” model, which connects remote ecosystems to global markets. We 
source raw materials from tribal communities and forest dwellers across India, as well as from rural networks in West Africa, 
transforming underutilized forest produce into high-value specialty ingredients. This model not only enables traceable and 
sustainable sourcing, but also contributes to livelihood enhancement, rural empowerment, and preservation of traditional 
knowledge systems. By turning what was once considered forest waste into valuable products, we continue to embody our 
“waste-to-wealth” philosophy.
Our commitment to sustainability is further strengthened through adherence to globally recognized standards and certifications. 
As reflected in the shared visual, the Company has obtained a wide array of ESG-relevant certifications, including:
• SMET A-4 PILLAR (Sedex Members Ethical Trade Audit) – ensuring ethical supply chain practices
• F air for Life certification – Combining ethical sourcing principal with social & environmental sustainability
• FSS C 22000 – food safety management system
• RSPO Supply Chain Cer tification – commitment to sustainable palm-based practices
• USD A Organic & COSMOS Organic certifications – ensuring organic product standards
• ISO  standards (9001, 14001, 45001 etc.) – covering quality, environmental and safety management
• SA accountability and work er welfare
• F airTrade Certification – Fair pricing & better livelihood through globally recognised fair trade system. 
These certifications reinforce our commitment to global best practices in environmental protection, ethical sourcing, product 
integrity, and social responsibility.
On the environmental front, we have made measurable progress in improving resource efficiency and reducing our footprint.
• Majority of Energy of our energy consumption is derived from renewable sources, demonstrating our transition towards 
low-carbon operations.
• W e implement responsible water management practices by recycling, reusing, and reprocessing water, thereby reducing 
water consumption and minimizing wastewater generation
• F urther, majority of waste generated is reutilized through recycling, reuse, and recovery initiatives, reinforcing our circular 
economy approach.
These initiatives reflect our commitment to minimizing environmental impact while enhancing operational efficiency.
From a social perspective, our people remain at the core of our growth journey. We continue to focus on employee wellbeing, 
skill development, and capacity building through structured training programs. Our strong emphasis on Occupational Health 
and Safety (OHS) ensures a safe and secure workplace across operations. Beyond our workforce, we remain deeply committed 
to the communities we engage with, particularly in strengthening livelihoods and enabling socio-economic progress.
Strong governance practices form the backbone of our sustainability framework. We have established a robust ESG governance 
structure, supported by clearly defined policies, ethical codes, and compliance mechanisms. Our governance approach 
emphasizes transparency, accountability, and responsible decision-making, ensuring that sustainability considerations are 
integrated into strategic and operational processes.
Further, we place equal importance towards meaningful stakeholder engagement. We actively engage with all key stakeholders—
including suppliers, communities, employees, customers, regulators, and investors—to understand expectations, address 
concerns, and co-create long-term value. This collaborative approach enables us to build trust and strengthen resilience 
across the value chain.
As we move forward, Manorama Industries remains committed to driving sustainable innovation, enhancing global 
competitiveness, and delivering inclusive growth. We believe that our continued focus on sustainability will not only strengthen 
our business but also contribute positively to the environment and society at large.
Together, we will continue to transform nature’s potential into sustainable progress for all.
158

--- page 162 ---
S. 
No.
Policy and management processes P1 P2 P3 P4 P5 P6 P7 P8 P9
8 Details of the highest authority responsible for 
implementation and oversight of the Business 
Responsibility policy (ies).
Mr. Gautam Kumar Pal
Whole Time Director
9 Does the entity have a specified Committee of 
the Board/ Director responsible for decision 
making on sustainability related issues? (Yes / 
No). If yes, provide details.
Yes, 
The Company has constituted a Corporate Social Responsibility 
(CSR) Committee chaired by Mr. Mudit Kumar Singh, Non-Executive 
- Independent Director.
10.  Details of Re view of NGRBCs by the Company:
Subject for Review Indicate whether a review was undertaken by 
Director/Committee of  the Board/Any other 
Committee
Frequency
(Annually/Half yearly/Quarterly/ 
Any other – please specify)
P1 P2 P3 P4 P5 P6 P7 P8 P9 P1 P2 P3 P4 P5 P6 P7 P8 P9
Performance against 
above policies and 
follow up action
Yes The policies of the Company are reviewed 
periodically by department heads/ director/ 
board committees/ board members, wherever 
applicable
Compliance with 
statutory requirements 
of relevance to the 
principles, and, 
rectification of any 
non-compliances
Yes The Compliance with statutory requirements is 
checked on a regular basis and the policies are 
updated as and when required.
11 Has the entity carried out independent 
assessment/ evaluation of the working of its 
policies by an external agency? (Yes/No). If yes, 
provide name of the agency
P1 P2 P3 P4 P5 P6 P7 P8 P9
Yes, the company’s policies are reviewed by internal team. 
12 If answer to question (1) above is “No” i.e. not all Principles are covered by a policy, reasons to be stated:
Questions P1 P2 P3 P4 P5 P6 P7 P8 P9
The entity does not consider the Principles 
material to its business (Yes/No)
Not applicable 
The entity is not at a stage where it is in a 
position to formulate and implement the 
policies on specified principles (Yes/No)
The entity does not have the financial or/human 
and technical resources available for the task 
(Yes/No)
It is planned to be done in the next financial year 
(Yes/No)
Any other reason (please specify)
Manorama Industries Limited
Annual Report 2025-26
Corporate OverviewStatutory ReportsFinancial Statements
159

--- page 163 ---
SECTION C: PRINCIPLE WISE PERFORMANCE DISCLOSURE
This section is aimed at helping entities demonstrate their performance in integrating the Principles and Core Elements with 
key processes and decisions. The information sought is categorized as “Essential” and “Leadership”. While the essential 
indicators are expected to be disclosed by every entity that is mandated to file this report, the leadership indicators may be 
voluntarily disclosed by entities which aspire to progress to a higher level in their quest to be socially, environmentally and 
ethically responsible.
PRINCIPLE 1 Businesses should conduct and govern themselves with integrity, and in a manner that is Ethical, Transparent and 
Accountable.
Essential Indicators
1.	 Percentage 	coverage	by	training	and	awareness	programmes	on	any	of	the	Principles	during	the	financial	year:
Segment Total number of 
training and awareness 
programs held
Topics /Principles covered under the  
training and its impact
%age of persons in 
respective category 
covered by the awareness
Board of Directors 2 The Company’s BoD regularly briefed on topics, 
including strategy, business Directors operations, 
capex updates, markets, performance, organization 
structure, risk management framework, regulatory 
and compliance updates, future outlook, 
environmental, social and governance aspects, 
their roles, rights and responsibilities and major 
developments and updates.
100 %
Key Managerial 
Personnel
2 The Company’s KMP regularly briefed on topics, 
including strategy, business Directors operations, 
capex updates, markets, performance, organization 
structure, risk management framework, regulatory 
and compliance updates, future outlook, 
environmental, social and governance aspects, 
their roles, rights and responsibilities and major 
developments and updates.
100 %
Employees other 
than BoD and 
KMPs
61 Employees undergo various training programs that 
are aligned with the nine principles of the National 
Guidelines on Responsible Business Conduct 
(NGRBC)
100 %
Workers 33 Workers undergo various training programs that 
are aligned with the nine principles of the National 
Guidelines on Responsible Business Conduct 
(NGRBC)
100 %
2. Details of fines / penalties /punishment/ award/ compounding fees/ settlement amount paid in proceedings (by the 
entity or by directors / KMPs) with regulators/ law enforcement agencies/ judicial institutions, in the financial year, in the 
following format (Note: the entity shall make disclosures on the basis of materiality as specified in Regulation 30 of SEBI 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 and as disclosed on the entity’s website):
Monetary
NGRBC 
Principal
Name of the regulatory/ 
enforcement agencies/ 
judicial institutions
Amount (In 
INR)
Brief of the 
Case
Has an appeal been 
preferred? (Yes/No)
Penalty/Fine Nil Nil Nil Nil Nil
Settlement Nil Nil Nil Nil Nil
Compounding fee Nil Nil Nil Nil Nil
160

--- page 164 ---
Non - Monetary
NGRBC 
Principal
Name of the regulatory/ 
enforcement   agencies/ 
judicial institutions
Brief of the Case Has an appeal been    
preferred? (Yes/No)
Imprisonment NIL NIL NIL NIL
Punishment NIL NIL NIL NIL
3. Of the instances disclosed in Question 2 above, details of the Appeal/ Revision preferred in cases where monetary or non-
monetary action has been appealed.
Case Details Name of the regulatory/ enforcement agencies/ judicial institutions
NA NA
4. Does the entity have an anti-corruption or anti-bribery policy? If yes, provide details in brief and if available, provide a web-
link to the policy.
 Yes. the Company has an Anti-Bribery and Anti-Corruption Policy. This policy establishes clear standards to prevent and detect 
bribery and corruption at Manorama Industries Limited and ensures compliance with all applicable laws while promoting 
ethical and responsible business practices. It requires all employees and business partners to act honestly, ethically, and with 
integrity; promotes compliance with applicable anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws; protects the Company’s reputation and 
stakeholder confidence; and implements effective systems and controls to combat bribery and corruption. The Company 
adopts a zero-tolerance approach and is committed to conducting business responsibly, fairly, and transparently, strictly 
prohibiting bribery and corruption in any form, whether direct or indirect.
 The  policy is available on public domain and can be accessed through following link:  
 http s://manoramagroup.co.in/investors-policies
5. Number of Dir ectors/KMPs/employees/workers against whom disciplinary action was taken by any law enforcement 
agency for the charges of bribery/ corruption:
FY 25-26 
(Current Financial Year)
FY 24-25 
(Previous Financial Year)
Directors NIL NIL
KMPs NIL NIL
Employees 01 NIL
Workers NIL NIL
6. Details of complaints with r egard to conflict of interest:
FY 25-26 (Current Financial Year) FY 24-25 (Previous Financial Year)
Numbers Remarks Numbers Remarks
Number of complaints received in relation to 
issues of Conflict of Interest of the Directors
NIL NIL NIL NIL
Number of complaints received in relation to 
issues of Conflict of Interest of the KMPs
NIL NIL NIL NIL
7. Provide details of any corrective action taken or underway on issues related to fines / penalties / action taken by regulators/ 
law enforcement agencies/ judicial institutions, on cases of corruption and conflicts of interest.
 NIL
8. Number of days of accounts payables ((Accounts payable *365) / Cost of goods/services procured) in the following format:
FY 25-26 (Current Financial Year) FY 24-25 (Previous Financial Year)
Number of days of accounts payables 31.48 days 13 days
Manorama Industries Limited
Annual Report 2025-26
Corporate OverviewStatutory ReportsFinancial Statements
161

--- page 165 ---
9. Open-ness of business
 Pr ovide details of concentration of purchases and sales with trading houses, dealers, and related parties along-with loans and 
advances & investments, with related parties, in the following format:
Parameter Metrics FY 25-26 (Current 
Financial Year)
FY 24-25 (Previous 
Financial Year)
Concentration of 
Purchases
a. Pur chases from trading houses as % of total 
purchases
0 % 0 %
b. Num ber of trading houses where purchases 
are made from
0 % 0 %
c. Pur chases from top 10 trading houses as % 
of total purchases from trading houses
0 % 0 %
Concentration of Sales a.  Sal es to dealers / distributors as % of total 
sales
0 % 0 %
b. Num ber of dealers / distributors to whom 
sales are made
0 0
c. Sal es to top 10 dealers / distributors as % of 
total sales to dealers / distributors
0 % 0 %
Share of RPTs in a. Pur chases (Purchases with related parties / 
Total Purchases)
39 % 44%
b. Sal es (Sales to related parties / Total Sales) 0.18 % 0 %
c. Loa ns & advances (Loans & advances given 
to related parties / Total loans & advances)
53 % 77 %
d. Inv estments (Investments in related parties 
/ Total Investments made)
100 % 100 %
PRINCIPLE 2 Businesses should provide goods and services in a manner that is sustainable and safe
Essential Indicators
1. 1.  P ercentage of R&D and capital expenditure (capex) investments in specific technologies to improve the environmental 
and social impacts of product and processes to total R&D and capex investments made by the entity, respectively.
FY 25-26 
(Current Financial Year)
FY 24-25 
(Previous Financial Year)
Details of improvements in environmental and 
social impacts
R&D 0 % 0 % -
Capex 3 % 0 % The Company has installed a Pattyn packing 
machine, which enhances operational efficiency 
and significantly reduces waste compared to 
the existing system.
2. a.    Does the entity ha ve procedures in place for sustainable sourcing?
 Yes, the Company has established formal procedures for sustainable sourcing through its Sustainable Procurement 
Policy, which integrates environmental, social, and economic considerations into all procurement decisions. The policy 
mandates responsible and ethical sourcing across the value chain by embedding sustainability criteria into supplier 
selection, evaluation, contracting, and ongoing monitoring, supported by a defined Supplier Code of Conduct and sourcing 
guidelines. It adopts a risk-based approach, with regular sustainability audits and assessments to identify and mitigate 
environmental and social risks such as deforestation and labour non-compliance. The Company has implemented 
traceability systems to track the origin of key raw materials (including Sal, Shea, Mango, and Palm oil) and aligns its 
sourcing practices with NDPE (No Deforestation, No Peat, No Exploitation) principles and global standards such as 
RSPOSCC and ISO 14001:2015. The framework further enforces strict human rights and labour standards, prohibits 
child and forced labour, and promotes inclusive sourcing through engagement with smallholders, tribal communities, 
and women collectors. 
162

--- page 166 ---
 b.  If y es, what percentage of inputs were sourced sustainably?
 100 % all the raw materials use in processing in the manufacturing site is sourced sustainably.
3. Describe the processes in place to safely reclaim your products for reusing, recycling and disposing at the end of life, for (a) 
Plastics (including packaging) (b) E-waste (c) Hazardous waste and (d) other waste.
The Company manufactures specialty fats, cocoa butter equivalents (CBE), and other edible products that are intended 
for consumption and do not have an end-of-life reclamation or disposal process. Hence, product-level reclamation is not 
applicable. However, with respect to packaging (plastics), the Company is in the process of registering under the Plastic 
Packaging Extended Producer Responsibility (EPR) framework to ensure environmentally sound recycling and disposal. For 
e-waste, hazardous waste, and other waste, the Company ensures disposal through authorized recyclers and in compliance 
with applicable regulatory requirements. 
4. Whether Extended Producer Responsibility (EPR) is applicable to the entity’s activities (Yes / No). If yes, whether the waste 
collection plan is in line with the Extended Producer Responsibility (EPR) plan submitted to Pollution Control Boards? If 
not, provide steps taken to address the same.
 The  Company is in process of registering under plastic packaging Extended Producer Responsibility (EPR).
PRINCIPLE 3 Businesses should respect and promote the well-being of all employees, including those in their value chains
Essential Indicators
1. a.  Details of measur es for the well-being of employees:
Category
% of employees covered by
Total (A)
Health insurance Accident 
insurance
Maternity 
benefits
Paternity 
Benefits
Day Care 
facilities
Number 
(B)
%(B/A) Number 
(C)
%(C/A) Number 
(D)
%(D/A) Number 
(E)
% (E /A) Number 
(F)
% (F /A)
Permanent employees
Male 253 253 100 % 253 100 % 0 0 % 0 0 % 253 100%
Female 40 40 100 % 40 100 % 40 100 % 0 0 % 40 100%
Total 293 293 100 % 293 100 % 40 14% 0 0 % 293 100 %
Other than Permanent employees
Male 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0
Female 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0
Total 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0
 b.  Details of measur es for the well-being of workers:
Category
%of workers covered by
Total (A)
Health insurance Accident 
insurance
Maternity 
benefits
Paternity 
Benefits
Day Care 
facilities
Number 
(B)
%(B/A) Number 
(C)
%(C/A) Number 
(D)
%(D/A) Number 
(E)
% (E /A) Number 
(F)
% (F /A)
Permanent workers
Male 228 228 100 % 228 100 % 0 0 % 0 0 % 228 100%
Female 2 2 100 % 2 100 % 2 100 % 0 0 % 2 100%
Total 230 230 100 % 230 100 % 2 1% 0 0 % 230 100 %
Other than Permanent workers
Male 220 220 100 % 220 100 % 0 0 % 0 0 % 220 100%
Female 2 2 100 % 2 100 % 2 100 % 0 0 % 2 100%
Total 222 222 100 % 222 100 % 2 1% 0 0 % 222 100 %
Manorama Industries Limited
Annual Report 2025-26
Corporate OverviewStatutory ReportsFinancial Statements
163

--- page 167 ---
c.  Spe nding on measures towards well-being of employees and workers (including permanent and other than permanent) 
in the following format –
FY 25-26 
(Current Financial Year)
FY 24-25 
(Previous Financial Year)
Cost incurred on well- being measures as a % of total  revenue  
of  the Company
0.01% 0.02%
2. Details of r etirement benefits, for Current FY and Previous Financial Year.
Benefits FY 25-26 (Current Financial Year) FY 24-25 (Previous Financial Year)
No. of 
employees 
covered as 
a % of total 
employees
No. of 
workers 
covered as 
a % of total 
workers
Deducted 
and 
deposited 
with the 
authority 
(Y/N/N.A.)
No. of 
employees 
covered as 
a % of total 
employees
No. of 
workers 
covered as 
a % of total 
workers
Deducted 
and 
deposited 
with the 
authority 
(Y/N/N.A.)
PF 64.16 % 94.34 % Y 72 % 100% Y
Gratuity 100 % 100 % Y 100 % 100% Y
ESI 5.46 % 27.39 % Y 25 % 100% Y
Others – please specify - - - - - -
3. Acc essibility of workplaces
Are the premises / offices of the entity accessible to differently abled employees and workers, as per the requirements of the 
Rights of Persons with Disabilities Act, 2016? If not, whether any steps are being taken by the entity in this regard.
No,
The Company’s premises are presently not fully accessible to persons with disabilities, and currently, there are no employees 
categorized as differently abled under the Rights of Persons with Disabilities Act, 2016. However, the Company has adopted 
a Policy on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities and is committed to fostering an inclusive workplace, with appropriate 
accessibility measures to be implemented in line with future hiring of such individuals.
4. Does the entity have an equal opportunity policy as per the Rights of Persons with Disabilities Act, 2016? If so, provide a 
web-link to the policy.
The Company has established a comprehensive Equal Opportunity Policy in alignment with the provisions of the Rights of 
Persons with Disabilities Act, 2016. The policy reinforces the Company’s commitment to providing a fair, inclusive, and non-
discriminatory workplace, ensuring equal access to employment, growth, and advancement opportunities for all individuals, 
including people with disabilities. 
It explicitly provides reasonable accommodation, promotes diversity, and upholds a zero-tolerance approach towards 
discrimination and harassment, thereby fostering a culture built on merit, dignity, and respect.
Link to the policy: https://manoramagroup.co.in/investors-policies
5. Return to work and Retentio n rates of permanent employees and workers that took parental leave.
Gender Permanent employees Permanent workers
Return to work rate Retention rate Return to work rate Retention rate
Male NA NA NA NA
Female 100 % 100 % NA NA
Total 100 % 100 % NA NA
164

--- page 168 ---
6. Is ther e a mechanism available to receive and redress grievances for the following categories of employees and worker? If 
yes, give details of the mechanism in brief.
Yes/No
(If Yes, then give details of the mechanism in brief)
Permanent Workers Yes. 
The Company has a structured grievance redressal mechanism for all employees, including 
permanent and other than permanent workforce. Grievances can be submitted through a 
formal grievance form or raised directly through one-to-one meetings with the HR team or 
immediate supervisors. The Company promotes open and transparent communication and 
ensures that all concerns are promptly addressed and resolved through discussions, with 
escalation to senior management wherever required.
Other than Permanent 
Workers
Permanent Employees
Other than Permanent 
Employees
7. Membership of emplo yees and worker in association(s) or Unions recognised by the listed entity:
Category FY 25-26 (Current Financial Year) FY 24-25 (Previous Financial Year)
Total 
employees 
/ workers in 
respective 
category
(A)
No. of employees /
workers in 
respective 
category, who 
are part of 
association(s) or 
Union  
(B)
% (B / A) Total 
employees 
/ workers in 
respective 
category 
(C)
No. of employees 
/ workers in 
respective 
category, who 
are part of 
association(s) or 
Union
(D)
% (D / B)
Total Permanent 
Employees
0 0 0 0 0 0
-Male 0 0 0 0 0 0
-Female 0 0 0 0 0 0
Total Permanent 
Workers
0 0 0 0 0 0
-Male 0 0 0 0 0 0
-Female 0 0 0 0 0 0
 Note: The organization does not have any recognized union but there is an association which meets bi-monthly.
8. Details of training giv en to employees and workers:
Category
FY 25-26 (Current Financial Year) FY 24-25 (Previous Financial Year)
Total (A)
On Health and 
safety measures
On Skill 
upgradation
Total (D) On Health and 
safety measures
On Skill 
upgradation
Number 
(B)
%(B/A) Number 
(C)
%(C/A) Number 
(E)
% (E /D) Number 
(F)
% (F /D)
Employees
Male 253 253 100 % 253 100 % 454 454 100 % 454 100 %
Female 40 40 100 % 40 100 % 44 44 100 % 44 100 %
Total 293 293 100 % 293 100 % 498 498 100 % 498 100 %
Workers
Male 448 448 100 % 448 100 % 159 159 100 % 159 100 %
Female 4 4 100 % 4 100 % 1 1 100 % 1 100 %
Total 452 452 100 % 452 100 % 160 160 100 % 160 100 %
Manorama Industries Limited
Annual Report 2025-26
Corporate OverviewStatutory ReportsFinancial Statements
165

--- page 169 ---
9. Details of per formance and career development reviews of employees and worker:
Particulars FY 25-26 (Current Financial Year) FY 24-25 (Previous Financial Year)
Total(A) No.(B) %(B/A) Total(C) No.(D) %(D/C)
Employees
Male 253 215 84.98 % 454 378 83.2 %
Female 40 35 87.50 % 44 27 61.4 %
Total 293 250 85.32 % 498 405 81.3 %
Workers
Male 228 208 91.22 % 159 159 100 %
Female 2 2 100 % 1 1 100 %
Total 230 210 91.30 % 160 160 100 %
10. Health and saf ety management system: 
a. Whether an occupational health and safety management system has been implemented by the entity? (Yes/ No). If yes, 
the coverage such system? 
 Y es, The Company has established and implemented a comprehensive Occupational Health and Safety (OHS) 
Management System across all its manufacturing plants and offices. This system extends to 100% of its permanent 
employees, permanent workers, as well as contractual and other non-permanent workforce.
 Additionally , the Company’s plant is certified under the ISO 45001:2018 standard, reflecting its commitment to maintaining 
globally recognized occupational health and safety practices.
Key elements of the OHS system include:
(i) Board-approved OHS Policy with zero-harm commitment;
(ii) Hazard Identification & Risk Assessment (HIRARC) for all work areas, reviewed annually;
(iii) Documented Safe Operating Procedures (SOPs) for all critical and hazardous tasks;
(iv) Mandatory OHS induction for all new joiners and annual refresher training for existing workforce;
(v) Formal near-miss and incident reporting system with root cause analysis;
(vi) Periodic internal safety inspections and quarterly management review of OHS performance.
b. What are the processes used to identify work-related hazards and assess risks on a routine and non-routine basis by the 
entity? 
 The  Company implements a structured Hazard Identification and Risk Assessment (HIRARC) framework in alignment 
with ISO 45001:2018 across all manufacturing facilities and offices.
 F or routine activities, including production, maintenance, and material handling, HIRARC is conducted systematically 
using a standardized risk matrix (Likelihood × Severity). Identified risks are mitigated in accordance with the Hierarchy of 
Controls, and assessments are reviewed annually or upon any significant process or equipment change.
 F or non-routine activities such as breakdown maintenance, confined space entry, and hot work, task-specific HIRARC 
or Job Safety Analysis (JSA) is performed prior to execution. High-risk tasks require a formal and authorized Permit to 
Work (PTW) before commencement.
 Ris k assessments are re-evaluated following incidents or near misses, introduction of new equipment, materials or 
processes, changes in regulatory requirements, and findings from internal or external audits.
 Ong oing safety training ensures that all employees and workers are aware of identified hazards and that activities are 
undertaken only after risks are reduced to acceptable levels.
166

--- page 170 ---
c. Whether you have processes for workers to report the work-related hazards and to remove themselves from such risks. 
(Y/N) 
 Yes, The Company has established clear processes enabling all workers to report work-related hazards and exercise 
their right to remove themselves from imminent safety risks:
 Haz ard Reporting Channels: Workers can report unsafe acts, conditions, or near-misses through two dedicated pathways:
o Online safety incident group: A managed online safety platform for immediate, real-time hazard sharing via 
descriptions and photos, monitored directly by the Safety Officer for rapid response.
o Structur ed UA/UC Forms: A formal Unsafe Act / Unsafe Condition (UA/UC) reporting form system to document, 
investigate root causes, and track corrective actions to closure.
 Closed-Loop Feedback: Every reported hazard is systematically logged, investigated, and resolved, with corrective action 
updates shared back with the concerned worker.
 Stop Work Authority (SWA): All workers are fully empowered with the absolute right to immediately stop any task or 
withdraw from any area of imminent danger without prior approval. Operations resume only after the Safety Officer 
mitigates the risk.
d. Do the emplo yees/ worker of the entity have access to non-occupational medical and healthcare services? (Yes/ No)
 Yes, the Company provides access to non-occupational medical and healthcare services to all its employees and workers. 
This includes coverage under Group Health Insurance with cashless hospitalization facilities and family coverage, 
Employees’ State Insurance Corporation (ESIC) benefits encompassing outpatient care, hospitalization, and maternity 
services, as well as annual full-body health check-ups and eye examinations. These measures ensure comprehensive 
healthcare support beyond occupational health requirements.
11. Details of saf ety related incidents, in the following format:
Safety Incident/Number Category FY 25-26 FY 24-25 
Lost Time Injury Frequency Rate (L TIFR) (per one million-
person hours worked)
Employees 0 0
Workers 2.41 3.56
Total recordable work-related injuries Employees 0 0
Workers 2 3
No. of fatalities Employees 0 0
Workers 0 0
High consequence work-related injury or ill-health 
(excluding fatalities)
Employees 0 0
Workers 1 0
12. Des cribe the measures taken by the entity to ensure a safe and healthy work place. 
 The  Company has implemented a robust framework to ensure a safe and healthy workplace across its operations. This 
includes an ISO 45001:2018 certified Occupational Health and Safety (OHS) Management System, reinforced through periodic 
third-party audits.
 Ris k identification and mitigation are proactively managed through structured Hazard Identification and Risk Assessment 
(HIRARC) processes. Operational controls such as Permit-to-Work systems, provision and mandatory use of appropriate 
Personal Protective Equipment (PPE), and continuous CCTV surveillance further strengthen workplace safety.
 A strong safety culture is promoted through mandatory safety induction programs for all employees and workers, along with 
regular toolbox talks to reinforce safe practices. The Company has established accessible mechanisms for hazard reporting, 
including digital platforms and formal Unsafe Act/Unsafe Condition (UA/UC) reporting systems, complemented by Stop Work 
Authority extended to all personnel.
 All incidents are systematically investigated with root cause analysis (RCA) and corrective action and preventive actions 
(CAPA) to prevent recurrence. Emergency preparedness is ensured through periodic mock drills.
 In addition, the Company supports employee well-being through regular health initiatives, including annual full-body health 
Manorama Industries Limited
Annual Report 2025-26
Corporate OverviewStatutory ReportsFinancial Statements
167

--- page 171 ---
check-ups, eye examinations, and access to healthcare benefits such as ESIC and Group Health Insurance, thereby addressing 
both occupational and overall health needs.
13. Number of Complaints on t he following made by employees and workers:
Particulars FY 25-26 (Current Financial Year) FY 24-25 (Previous Financial Year)
Filed during 
the year
Pending 
resolution at 
the end of year
Remarks Filed during 
the year
Pending 
resolution at 
the end of year
Remarks
Working Conditions 2 0 - 1 0 -
Health & Safety 2 0 - 2 0 -
14. Ass essments for the year:
% of your plants and offices that were assessed 
(by entity or statutory authorities or third parties)
Health and safety practices 100 %
Working Conditions 100 %
15. Pr ovide details of any corrective action taken or underway to address safety-related incidents (if any) and on significant 
risks / concerns arising from assessments of health & safety practices and working conditions.
Not any
PRINCIPLE 4: Businesses should respect the interests of and be responsive to all its stakeholders
1. Des cribe the processes for identifying key stakeholder groups of the entity.
The Company identifies its key stakeholder groups through a structured, materiality-driven approach that integrates impact 
and influence assessment. This process involves mapping stakeholders based on (i) the degree of impact the Company’s 
operations have on them, and (ii) their ability to influence the Company’s strategic, operational, and financial outcomes.
A stakeholder prioritization matrix is developed using defined criteria such as dependency, responsibility, influence, proximity, 
and risk exposure. Inputs are further refined through internal cross-functional consultations and periodic management 
reviews. This assessment is also aligned with the Company’s enterprise risk management and ESG materiality framework to 
ensure consistency in identifying material issues and stakeholder expectations.
2. List  stakeholder groups identified as key for your entity and the frequency of engagement with each stakeholder group.
Stakeholder 
Group
Whether identified 
as Vulnerable & 
Marginalized Group 
(Yes/No)
Channel of communication
(Email, SMS, Newspaper, 
Pamphlets, Advertisements, 
Community Meetings, Notice 
Board, Website), Other
Frequency of 
engagement 
Annually/Half Yearly/
Quarterly/others- 
please specify)
Purpose and scope of 
engagement including 
key topics and concerns 
raised during such 
engagement.
Shareholder No Stock exchange intimations, 
company’s website and stock 
exchange website , press 
releases , annual report , 
email , newspaper publication, 
SMS, calls, investor meeting 
notice of AGM.
Quarterly and as and 
when required.
Quarterly , half-yearly 
and annual financial 
results general meetings 
notices material 
information analyst 
meets annual general 
meetings dividend 
updates.
Banks, Non-
Banking 
Financial 
Companies 
Financial 
Institutions
No Email , Calls , Letters , One 
to one meeting, SMS , Net 
banking
Regularly/as and 
when required
Credit Facilities.
168

--- page 172 ---
Stakeholder 
Group
Whether identified 
as Vulnerable & 
Marginalized Group 
(Yes/No)
Channel of communication
(Email, SMS, Newspaper, 
Pamphlets, Advertisements, 
Community Meetings, Notice 
Board, Website), Other
Frequency of 
engagement 
Annually/Half Yearly/
Quarterly/others- 
please specify)
Purpose and scope of 
engagement including 
key topics and concerns 
raised during such 
engagement.
Regulatory/ 
Government 
authorities
No Email, Filings, Official letters, 
One to one meeting
Regularly/as and 
when required
Filing of various returns/ 
disclosures/Forms- 
Replies to notices/
queries, etc.
Vendors/ 
Suppliers
Yes Calls, Email, SMS, One to one 
meeting
Regularly/as and 
when required
Enquiry about the quality 
of products, raw material, 
delivery status,
Employees No Email, SMS, Letters, Get 
together, cultural events , One 
to one meeting
Monthly and as and 
when required
Important notifications 
Annual appraisals 
Medical health programs 
Employee engagement, 
Employee capability 
development, Reward 
and Recognition, Work 
culture, Work life balance
Customers No Client Meeting, In-person visit, 
Periodic connects with key 
customers, executives, senior 
executive & at the time top 
management.
Regularly, ongoing 
basis
Feedback of product 
quality customized 
solutions
Community Yes NGOs, CSR Team interaction, 
Community group meeting
Regularly/as and 
when required
Understanding the 
needs of the community, 
Advancing sustainability, 
contribution to 
community welfare
PRINCIPLE 5 Businesses should respect and promote human rights 
Essential Indicators
1. Emplo yees and workers who have been provided training on human rights issues and policy(ies) of the entity, in the 
following format:
Benefits FY 25-26 (Current Financial Year) FY 24-25 (Previous Financial Year)
Total(A) No. of employees / 
workers covered(B)
%(B/A) Total(C) No. of employee / 
workers Covered(D)
%(D/C)
Employees
Permanent 293 293 100 % 498 498 100 %
Other than permanent 0 0 100 % 0 0 100 %
Total Employees 293 293 100 % 498 498 100 %
Workers
Permanent 230 230 100 % 0 0 100 %
Other than permanent 222 222 100 % 160 160 100 %
Total Workers 452 452 100 % 160 160 100 %
Manorama Industries Limited
Annual Report 2025-26
Corporate OverviewStatutory ReportsFinancial Statements
169

--- page 173 ---
2.  Details of minimum wages  paid to employees and workers, in the following format:
FY 25-26 (Current Financial Year) FY 24-25 (Previous Financial Year)
Total (A)
Equal to Minimum 
Wage
More than 
Minimum Wage Total (D)
Equal to Minimum 
Wage
More than 
Minimum Wage
No.(B) %(B/A) Number 
(C)
% (C/A) No.(E) %
(E/D)
No.(F) %
(F/D)
Employees
Permanent
Male 253 0 0 253 100 % 454 454 100 % 0 0
Female 40 0 0 40 100 % 44 44 100 % 0 0
Other than Permanent
Male 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0
Female 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0
Workers
Permanent
Male 228 0 0 228 100 % 0 0 0 0 0
Female 2 0 0 2 100 % 0 0 0 0 0
Other than Permanent
Male 220 0 0 220 100 % 159 159 100 % 0 0
Female 2 0 0 2 100 % 1 1 100 % 0 0
Note : In the previous reporting year (FY 2024-25), all permanent workers were reported under the category of permanent 
employees.
3. Details of r emuneration/salary/wages 
 a.  Median r emuneration / wages:
                                    Male              Female
Number Median remuneration/
salary / wages of 
respective category
Number Median remuneration 
/salary /wages of 
respective category
Board of Directors (BoD) 7 2,31,77,988.29 3 1,31,33,333.33
Key Managerial Personnel 1 26,10,000.00 0 0.00
Employees other than BoD and KMP 252 3,88,470.00 40 3,90,832.00
Workers 228 2,75,000.00 2 2,26,597.00
 b.   Gr oss wages paid to females as % of total wages paid by the entity, in the following format:
FY 25-26 (Current 
Financial Year)
FY 24-25 (Previous 
Financial Year)
Gross wages paid to females as % of total wages 9.17 % 11 %
4. Do y ou have a focal point (Individual/ Committee) responsible for addressing human rights impacts or issues caused or 
contributed to by the business? (Yes/No) 
Yes,
The Company has designated focal points at both individual and committee lev els to address human rights impacts:
(i) HR Head - Designated Individual: The HR Head is the primary responsible person for all human rights concerns 
-discrimination, forced labour, child labour, equal wages, freedom of association with authority to investigate, escalate, and 
resolve issues.
(ii) Internal Complaints Committee (ICC):  Constituted under the POSH Act 2013, comprising 1 Presiding Officer, 10 Internal 
Members, and 1 External Member - serves as the designated body for sexual harassment and related human rights violations.
170

--- page 174 ---
(iii) Whistleblower Authority: Under the Board-approved Whistleblower Policy, a designated authority independently reviews all 
reported human rights violations, ensuring accountability at the highest level.
Details of the grievance redressal mechanism - including reporting channels, investigation process, and resolution timelines 
- are described in the internal mechanisms section below.
5. Des cribe the internal mechanisms in place to redress grievances related to human rights issues.
The Company has established a robust, multi-channel Human Rights Grievance Redressal Mechanism that ensures safe, 
confidential, and timely resolution of concerns for all employees, workers, and stakeholders:
Reporting Channels (4 Access Points):
i) Physical Complaint Boxes: Placed across plants and offices, enabling all workers (including those without digital access) 
to submit written or anonymous complaints.
ii) HR Direct Reporting: Options to report concerns directly to the HR department via email, writing, or in person with assured 
confidentiality.
iii) Whistleblower Policy: A formal, Board-approved channel for reporting suspected human rights violations anonymously 
to a designated authority.
iv) Official Website Portal: A dedicated digital gateway on the company’s website for reporting grievances with defined 
response timelines.
Investigation & Resolution Process: All grievances are promptly acknowledged and impartially investigated by the Grievance 
Redressal Committee. Strict identity confidentiality is maintained, corrective actions are deployed within defined timeframes, 
and a centralized case log is updated regularly.
Internal Complaints Committee (ICC): For cases related to sexual harassment, a dedicated ICC—comprising 1 Presiding 
Officer, 10 Internal Members, and 1 External Member—functions strictly in accordance with the POSH Act, 2013.
Anti-Retaliation Commitment: The Company enforces a zero-tolerance policy against any form of retaliation or victimization 
against individuals who report human rights concerns in good faith.
6. Number of Complaints on t he following made by employees and workers:
Particulars FY 25-26 (Current Financial Year) FY 24-25 (Previous Financial Year)
Filed 
during the 
year
Pending 
resolution at 
the end of year
Remarks Filed 
during the 
year
Pending 
resolution at 
the end of year
Remarks
Sexual Harassment Nil Nil NA Nil Nil NA
Discrimination at workplace Nil Nil NA Nil Nil NA
Child Labour Nil Nil NA Nil Nil NA
Forced Labour /Involuntary Labour Nil Nil NA Nil Nil NA
Wages Nil Nil NA Nil Nil NA
Other human Rights related issues Nil Nil NA Nil Nil NA
7.  Complaint filed under the Sexual Harassment of Woman at Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition and Redressal) Act, 2013, 
in the following format:
FY 2025-26  Current 
Financial Year
FY 2024-25 Previous 
Financial Year
Total Complaints reported under Sexual Harassment of Woman at 
(Prevention, Prohibition and Redressal) Act, 2013 (POSH)
0 0
Complaints on POSH as a % of female employees/workers 0 0
Complaints on POSH upheld 0 0
Manorama Industries Limited
Annual Report 2025-26
Corporate OverviewStatutory ReportsFinancial Statements
171

--- page 175 ---
8. Mechanisms to pr event adverse consequences to the complainant in discrimination and harassment cases. 
The Company enforces strict safeguards to protect complainants from any adverse consequences, retaliation, or victimization 
in discrimination and harassment cases:
(i) Strict Confidentiality Protocol (POSH & General):  The identities of the complainant, respondent, and witnesses are kept 
strictly confidential. Access to case details is limited to the ICC and designated HR personnel on a strict need-to-know basis. 
Any unauthorized disclosure is treated as a major policy breach and faces disciplinary action.
(ii) Anonymous Reporting Channels: Workers and employees can file complaints anonymously via physical complaint boxes 
across plant sites or through the formal Whistleblower channel. This eliminates identity-based risks at the outset for those 
fearing adverse impacts.
(iii) Zero Tolerance for Retaliation:  The Company explicitly prohibits any form of retaliation—including hostile treatment, 
demotion, biased performance reviews, or unwarranted transfers. Any retaliatory act is treated as an independent severe 
misconduct, attracting strict disciplinary action up to termination, regardless of the original case outcome.
(iv) Continuous Awareness & Training:  Regular induction and periodic training programs are conducted to educate the 
workforce on their right to report grievances safely, emphasizing the absolute confidentiality and anti-retaliation protections 
guaranteed by the management.
9. Do human rights r equirements form part of your business agreements and contracts? 
YES. Human rights requirements form an integral part of the Company’s business agreements and contracts across all key 
stakeholder categories:
(i) Supplier & Vendor Contracts: Standard agreements incorporate the Company’s Supplier Code of Conduct, strictly prohibiting 
child labour and forced labour. Clauses mandate minimum wage payments, non-discrimination, and safe working conditions, 
with the Company reserving right-to-audit and contract termination rights for violations.
(ii) Contractor Agreements:  Contracts mandate strict adherence to national labour codes (Code on Wages, OSHWC Code, 
PF/ESIC regulations). Contractors must provide safe working conditions, prescribed rest periods, mandatory PPE, and equal 
treatment, where non-compliance results in contract termination and damages.
(iii) SHG & Community Partner Agreements:  Agreements with women Self-Help Groups (SHGs) and tribal forest collectors 
ensure voluntary participation, guaranteed fair pricing, absolute prohibition of child labour in collection, and respect for 
indigenous community rights.
(iv) Employment Contracts:  All appointment letters and employment contracts legally bind employees and workers to the 
Company’s Code of Conduct, POSH policies, anti-discrimination guidelines, and formal grievance redressal mechanisms.
10. Ass essments for the year:
% of your plants and offices that were assessed  
(by entity or statutory authorities or third parties)
Child labour 100 %
Forced/involuntary labour 100 %
Sexual harassment 100 %
Discrimination at workplace 100 %
Wages 100 %
11. Pr ovide details of any corrective actions taken or underway to address significant risks / concerns arising from the 
assessments at Question 10 above.
 Based on the assessments conducted during the financial year, no significant risks or adverse concerns were identified 
that required major corrective actions. The Company continues to maintain its standard operating procedures to ensure 
compliance.
172

--- page 176 ---
PRINCIPLE 6: Businesses should respect and make efforts to protect and restore the environment
Essential Indicators
1. Details of total ener gy consumption (in Joules or multiples) and energy intensity, in the following format:
FY 25-26 FY 24-25 
From renewable sources
Total electricity consumption (A) 0 0
Total fuel consumption (B) 4,29,293.50 GJ 4,22,876.65 GJ
Energy consumption through other sources (C) 0 0
Total energy consumed from renewable sources (A+B+C) 4,29,293.50 GJ 4,22,876.65 GJ
From non-renewable sources
Total electricity consumption (D)  74,996.73 GJ 60,313.19 GJ
Total fuel consumption (E) 10, 369.86 GJ 7,160.25 GJ
Energy consumption through other sources (F) 0 0
Total energy consumed from non-renewable sources (D+E+F) 85,366.59 GJ 67,473.44 GJ
Total energy consumed (A+B+C+D+E+F) 5,14,660.08 GJ 4,90,350.09 GJ
Energy intensity per rupee of turnover (Total energy consumed / Revenue 
from operations)
0.000037907 
GJ/INR
0.0000636113 
GJ/INR
Energy intensity per rupee of turnover adjusted for Purchasing Power 
Parity (PPP)* (Total energy consumed / Revenue from operations adjusted 
for PPP)
0.000771025  GJ/
INR
0.001284948 GJ/INR
Energy intensity in terms of physical output 18.47 GJ/MT 10.19062896 GJ/MT
 *PPP  rate: 20.34 (IMF)
 Not e: Indicate if any independent assessment/ evaluation/assurance has been carried out by an external agency? (Y/N) If yes, 
name of the external agency. : No
 Does the entity have any sites / facilities identified as designated consumers (DCs) under the Performance, Achieve and 
Trade (PAT) Scheme of the Government of India? (Y/N) If yes, disclose whether targets set under the PAT scheme have 
been achieved. In case targets have not been achieved, provide the remedial action taken, if any.
 No
2. Pr ovide details of the following disclosures related to water, in the following format:
Parameter FY 25-26 FY 24-25 
Water withdrawal by source (in kilolitres)
(i) Surface water 0 15,048 kl
(ii) Groundwater 26,132 kl 1,03,252 kl
(iii) Third party water 0 0
(iv) Seawater / desalinated water 0 0
(v) Others 0 0
Total volume of water withdrawal (in kilolitres) (i + ii + iii + iv + v) 26,132* kl 1,18,300 kl
Total volume of water consumption (in kilolitres) 26,132 kl 1,18,300 kl
Water intensity per rupee of turnover (Total water consumption / Revenue 
from operations)
0.000001925 kl/INR 0.00001534685556
Water intensity per rupee of turnover adjusted for Purchasing Power Parity 
(PPP)** (Total water consumption / Revenue from operations adjusted for 
PPP)
0.000039149 kl/INR 0.0003100064823
Water intensity in terms of physical output 0.9379  kl/MT 2.458590519
* A significant reduction in water withdrawal has been observed during the reporting period, attributable to improved monitoring of water consumption data and 
enhanced water efficiency achieved through increased recycling and reuse.
* *PPP rate: 20.34 (IMF)
Manorama Industries Limited
Annual Report 2025-26
Corporate OverviewStatutory ReportsFinancial Statements
173

--- page 177 ---
Note: Indicate if any independent assessment/ evaluation/assurance has been carried out by an external agency? (Y/N) If yes, 
name of the external agency.  : No
3. Pr ovide the following details related to water discharged:
Parameter FY 25-26 FY 24-25 
Water discharge by destination and level of treatment (in kilolitres)
(i)To Surface water
- No tr eatment 0 0
- With tr eatment – please specify level of treatment 0 0
(ii) To Groundwater
- No tr eatment 0 0
- With tr eatment – please specify level of treatment 0 0
(iii) To Sea water
- No tr eatment 0 0
- With tr eatment – please specify level of treatment 0 0
(iv) Sent to third parties
- No tr eatment 0 0
- With tr eatment – please specify level of treatment 0 0
(v) Others
- No tr eatment 0 0
- With tr eatment – please specify level of treatment 0 0
Total water discharged (in Kilo-litres) 0 0
Note: Indicate if any independent assessment/ evaluation/assurance has been carried out by an external agency? (Y/N) If yes, 
name of the external agency. - No
4. Has  the entity implemented a mechanism for Zero Liquid Discharge? If yes, provide details of its coverage and 
implementation.
 W e implement responsible water management practices by recycling, reusing, and reprocessing water, thereby reducing 
water consumption and minimizing wastewater generation.
 The  treated water is fully recycled and reused within the plant premises for various non-potable applications, including 
gardening and greenbelt development, road cleaning, and ash and dust suppression. The Company does not discharge any 
untreated or treated wastewater outside its plant boundary, thereby ensuring complete water recycling, conservation, and 
compliance with environmental norms.
5. Please pr ovide details of air emissions (other than GHG emissions) by the entity, in the following format:
Parameter Unit FY 25-26 FY 24-25 
NOx MT 0.09 1.11
SOx MT 0.15 0.17
Particulate matter (PM) MT 2.03 0.05
 *The  FY 2024–25 value has been restated due to a change in the unit of measurement to ensure consistency and comparability with the current reporting period.
 Not e: Indicate if any independent assessment/ evaluation/assurance has been carried out by an external agency? (Y/N) If yes, 
name of the external agency. – No 
6. Pr ovide details of greenhouse gas emissions (Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions) & its intensity, in the following format:
Parameter Unit FY 25-26 (Current 
Financial Year)
FY 24-25 (Previous 
Financial Year)
Total Scope 1 emissions (Break-up of the GHG into CO2, 
CH4, N2O, HFCs, PFCs, SF6, NF3, if available)
Metric tons of 
CO2 equivalent
1,646.213 * 604.9429049
Total Scope 2 emissions (Break-up of the GHG into CO2, 
CH4, N2O, HFCs, PFCs, SF6, NF3, if available)
Metric tons of 
CO2 equivalent
14,791.02 12,177.72255
Total Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions per rupee of Turnover MtCO2e/Rs 0.000001211 0.0000016583
174

--- page 178 ---
Parameter Unit FY 25-26 (Current 
Financial Year)
FY 24-25 (Previous 
Financial Year)
Total Scope 1 and Scope 2 emission intensity per rupee 
of turnover adjusted for Purchasing Power Parity (PPP)** 
(Total Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions / Revenue from 
operations adjusted for PPP)
MtCO2e/Rs 0.000024625 0.0000334971
Total Scope 1 and Scope 2 emission intensity in terms of 
physical output
MtCO2e/MT 0.5900 0.265657989
 * Biogenic CO2 emissions ar e not included in scope 1 emission as per GHG protocols. Biogenic CO2 emission is 42,929.35 tCO2e. 
 **PPP rate: 20.34 (IMF)
Note: Indicate if any independent assessment/ evaluation/assurance has been carried out by an external agency? (Y/N) If yes, 
name of the external agency. - No
7. Doe s the entity have any project related to reducing Green House Gas emission? If Yes, then provide details.
Yes. The Company has implemented initiatives to reduce GHG emissions and enhance carbon sequestration. Rice husk is used 
as a renewable biomass fuel in place of fossil fuels for boiler operations, resulting in an estimated avoidance of approximately 
58,307 MT CO 2e annually. Additionally, the Company has planted over 8,000 trees within and around its operational areas, 
contributing to carbon sequestration of approximately 91 MT CO 2 per year while supporting biodiversity and environmental 
conservation.
8. Pr ovide details related to waste management by the entity, in the following format:
Parameter FY 25-26 (Current 
Financial Year)
FY 24-25 (Previous 
Financial Year)
Total Waste generated (in metric tonnes)
Plastic waste (A)  121.92 MT 0.50 MT
E-waste (B)  1.5 MT 0.20 MT
Bio-medical waste (C)  0.00325 MT 0
Construction and demolition waste (D)  0 2.25 MT
Battery waste (E)  0.430 MT 0
Radioactive waste (F)  0 0
Other Hazardous waste. Please specify, if any. (G) – ETP Sludge
         Used spent oil
          
           Total other hazardous waste
70.280 MT
1.37MT
_________________
71.65 MT
0.6 MT
Other Non-hazardous waste generated (H). Please specify, if any.    
   1. Cardboard 
   2. waste cloths
   3. Glass 
   4. Metal
       Total other non-hazardous waste
 
55 MT
0.04 MT
0.02 MT
90.74 MT
___________________
145.80 MT
1.7 MT
Total (A+B + C + D + E + F + G + H)* 341.32 MT 5.25 MT
Waste intensity per rupee of turnover (Total waste generated/ Revenue from 
operations)
0.000000025 MT/
INR
0.0000000007 MT/
INR
Waste intensity per rupee of turnover adjusted for Purchasing Power Parity 
(PPP) (Total waste generated / Revenue from operations adjusted for PPP)**
0.000000511 MT/
INR
0.000000014 MT/
INR
Waste intensity in terms of physical output (MT/MT) 0.0122 MT/MT 0.0001091090467 
MT/MT
Manorama Industries Limited
Annual Report 2025-26
Corporate OverviewStatutory ReportsFinancial Statements
175

--- page 179 ---
Parameter FY 25-26 (Current 
Financial Year)
FY 24-25 (Previous 
Financial Year)
For each category of waste generated, total waste recovered through recycling, re-using or other recovery operations 
(in metric tonnes)
Category of waste
(i) Recycled 221.48 MT 0
(ii) Re-used 65.75 MT 0
(iii) Other recovery operations 7.46 MT 0
Total 294.69 MT 0
For each category of waste generated, total waste disposed by nature of disposal method (in metric tonnes)
Category of waste
(i) Incineration 0 0.25 MT
(ii) Landfilling 0 5 MT
(iii) Other disposal operations 70.28 MT 0
Total 70.28 MT 5.25 MT
* During FY 2025–26, the Company undertook a comprehensive waste inventorization exercise across its manufacturing unit, 
which has enhanced the accuracy of monitoring and accounting of waste generation and disposal. As a result of improved 
data capture and reporting practices, the reported waste generation and disposal figures for FY 2025–26 reflect an apparent 
increase compared to previous periods.
** PPP rate: 20.34 (IMF)
Note: Indicate if any independent assessment/ evaluation/assurance has been carried out by an external agency? (Y/N) If yes, 
name of the external agency. - No
9. Briefly describe the waste management practices adopted in your establishments. Describe the strategy adopted by your 
company to reduce usage of hazardous and toxic chemicals in your products and processes and the practices adopted to 
manage such wastes.
A. General Waste Management Practices
The Company follows a structured Reduce à Reuse à Recycle à Responsible Disposal framework in compliance with the 
Solid Waste Management Rules, 2016:
Waste Minimization: Driven through optimized raw material consumption, efficient production planning, and internal reuse of 
organic processing residues.
Segregation at Source: Waste is segregated immediately at the point of generation into clearly marked categories (Hazardous, 
E-waste, Metal, Plastic) to prevent cross-contamination.
Non-Hazardous Disposal: Paper, cardboard, and scrap metal are sent to authorized recyclers, while domestic dry/wet waste 
is routed through municipal disposal channels.
B. Hazardous & Toxic Chemical Reduction Strategy
Since the Company’s primary products are natural and forest-sourced, reliance on toxic inputs is inherently minimized through 
the following strategies:
Natural Raw Material Preference: Direct sourcing from forest-based SHGs ensures that raw kernels are naturally pesticide-
free, eliminating synthetic chemical/fertilizer entry into the supply chain.
Process-Level Substitution: Wherever feasible, hazardous industrial solvents and cleaning agents are substituted with safer, 
water-based, or biodegradable alternatives.
Inventory Control & MSDS: All on-site chemicals are tracked via a centralized registry, with Material Safety Data Sheets (MSDS) 
strictly enforced for handling and storage protocols.
176

--- page 180 ---
C. Hazardous and Special Category Waste Management
All hazardous waste streams are managed strictly under the HWM Rules, 2016 and other specific waste guidelines, ensuring 
full traceability:
Used / Waste Oil: Stored in secured, labelled containers and sold exclusively to government-authorized re-refiners.
E-Waste (Rules, 2022): Electronic items (computers, UPS, peripherals) are channeled through CPCB-registered recyclers or 
handled via OEM buyback programs.
Batteries Management (Rules, 2022): Disposed of strictly by returning them to government-authorized battery recyclers.
Other Hazardous Waste (ETP Sludge, etc.): Managed via secure, enclosed storage areas with manifest logging, and dispatched 
exclusively to SPCB-authorized vendors/TSDFs with complete documentation.
The Company maintains valid authorisations / consents as required under applicable environmental regulations and ensures 
that all hazardous waste disposals are traceable through proper documentation.
10. If the entity has operations/offices in/around ecologically sensitive areas (such as national parks, wildlife sanctuaries, 
biosphere reserves, wetlands, biodiversity hotspots, forests, coastal regulation zones etc.) where environmental approvals / 
clearances are required, please specify details in the following format:
S. No. Location of 
operations/offices
Type of Operations Whether the conditions of environmental approval/clearance 
are being complied with? (Y/N)  
If no, the reasons thereof and corrective action taken, if any.
1 NA NA NA
11. Det ails of environmental impact assessments of projects undertaken by the entity based on applicable laws, in the current 
financial year:
Name and brief 
details of project
EIA Notification 
No.
Date Whether conducted by 
independent external 
agency (Yes/No)
Results communicated 
in public domain (Yes/
No)
Relevant 
Weblink
NA NA NA NA NA NA
 Not Applicable. The entity has not undertaken any new project or major capacity expansion during the current financial year 
that required a mandatory Environmental Impact Assessment (EIA) under the applicable environmental laws and regulations.
12. Is the entity compliant with the applicable environmental law/ regulations/ guidelines in India; such as the Water (Prevention 
and Control of Pollution) Act, Air (Prevention and Control of Pollution) Act, Environment protection act and rules thereunder 
(Y/N). If not, provide details of all such non-compliances, in the following format:
S.No. Specify the law/regulation/
guidelines which was not 
complied with
Provide details of 
the non-compliance
Any fines/penalties/action taken by 
regulatory agencies such as pollution    
control boards or by courts
Corrective action 
taken, if any
1 NA NA NA NA
Manorama Industries Limited
Annual Report 2025-26
Corporate OverviewStatutory ReportsFinancial Statements
177

--- page 181 ---
PRINCIPLE 7 Businesses, when engaging in influencing public and regulatory policy, should do so in a manner that is responsible 
and transparent
Essential Indicators
1. a.  Number of affiliations wit h trade and industry chambers/ associations. - 9
b. List the top 10 trade and industry chambers/ associations (determined based on the total members of such body) the 
entity is a member of/ affiliated to.
1 Three Star Export House National
2 Indian Chamber of Commerce National
3 Confederation of Indian industry National
4 Indian Green Building Council IGBC National
5 Federation of Indian Export Organizations (FIEO) National
6 Solvent Extractor's Association of India (SEA) National
7 Shellac and Forest Products Export Promotion Council National
8 Plant Based Foods Industry Association National
9 Indian Oil Seeds and Produce Export Promotion Council National
2. Provide details of corrective action taken or underway on any issues related to anti- competitive conduct by the entity, based 
on adverse orders from regulatory authorities.
Name of authority Brief of the Case Corrective action taken
Nil Nil NA
PRINCIPLE 8  Businesses  should  pr omote  inclusiv e  gr owth  and equitable de velopment
Essential Indicators
1. Det ails of Social Impact Assessments (SIA) of projects undertaken by the entity based on applicable laws, in the current 
financial year.
Name and brief 
details of project
SIA Notification 
No.
Date of 
notification
Whether conducted by 
independent external  
agency (Yes/ No)
Results communicated 
in public domain (Yes/
No)
Relevant 
Weblink
NA NA NA NA NA NA
2.  Provide information on project(s) for which ongoing Rehabilitation and Resettlement (R&R) is being undertaken by your entity, 
in the following format:
S.No. Name of project for 
which R&R is ongoing
State District No. of Project Affected 
Families (PAFs)
% of PAFs  
covered by R&R
Amounts paid to 
PAFs in the FY  
(In INR)
NA NA NA NA NA NA NA
The Company’s manufacturing plants and offices are located in established industrial / commercial areas. No land acquisition 
involving displacement of communities or families has been undertaken. Accordingly, no Rehabilitation and Resettlement is 
ongoing, and this disclosure is not applicable to the Company.
3. Describe the mechanisms to  receive and redress grievances of the community.
 The  Company has established a structured, multi-channel Community Grievance Redressal Mechanism across its operations 
and upstream supply chain to ensure timely and transparent resolution of stakeholder concerns. Communities can raise 
grievances through physical complaint boxes, direct engagement with plant management, website portals, and email 
channels. Tribal collectors may also register concerns at collection Centres, project offices, and community meetings. All 
grievances are centrally logged, reviewed by the Grievance Redressal Committee, and resolved within defined timelines, 
ensuring accountability and continuous improvement in stakeholder engagement.
178

--- page 182 ---
4. P ercentage of input material (inputs to total inputs by value) sourced from suppliers:
FY 25-26 (Current 
Financial Year)
FY 24-25 (Previous 
Financial Year)
Directly sourced from MSMEs/ small  producers 13.89 % 40 %
Directly from within India 16.12 % 23.47 %
5. Job  creation in smaller towns – Disclose wages paid to persons employed (including employees or workers employed on a 
permanent or non-permanent / on contract basis) in the following locations, as % of total wage cost.
Location FY 25-26 (Current 
Financial Year)
FY 24-25 (Previous 
Financial Year)
Rural 70.79 % 70.53 %
Semi-urban 0 % 0 %
Urban 0 % 0 %
Metropolitan 29.21 % 29.47 %
 (Pla ce to be categorized as per RBI Classification System - rural / semi-urban / urban / metropolitan)
PRINCIPLE 9 Businesses should engage with and provide value to their consumers in a responsible manner
Essential Indicators
1. Describe the mechanisms in  place to receive and respond to consumer complaints and feedback. 
There are structured mechanisms in place to systematically receive, track, and resolve consumer complaints and feedback:
• Onl ine Grievance Portal: Consumers can raise complaints or share feedback through the contact form available on the 
Company’s official website (www.manoramagroup.co.in).
• Email Communication: Consumers may also lodge complaints directly via email to the sales team at info@
manoramagroup.co.in. All grievances received are recorded and processed through the same structured QA framework, 
ensuring consistency in handling and response.
All complaints undergo a detailed investigation and are addressed through appropriate Corrective Action and Preventive 
Actions (CAPA). Closure is achieved only after explicit customer confirmation, supported by post-resolution feedback to 
ensure satisfaction.
2.  T urnover of products and/ services as a percentage of turnover from all products/service that carry information about:
As a percentage to total turnover
Environmental and social parameters relevant to the product 100 %
Safe and responsible usage 100 %
Recycling and/or safe disposal 100 %
3. Num ber of consumer complaints in respect of the following:
FY 2025 – 26  
(Current Financial Year)
FY 2024 – 25 
(Previous Financial Year)
Received during 
the year
Pending resolution 
at end of year
Received during 
the year
Pending resolution 
at end of year
Data privacy Nil Nil Nil Nil
Advertising Nil Nil Nil Nil
Cyber-security Nil Nil Nil Nil
Delivery of essential Services Nil Nil Nil Nil
Restrictive Trade Practices Nil Nil Nil Nil
Unfair Trade Practices Nil Nil Nil Nil
Other Nil Nil Nil Nil
Manorama Industries Limited
Annual Report 2025-26
Corporate OverviewStatutory ReportsFinancial Statements
179

--- page 183 ---
4. Det ails of instances of product recalls on account of safety issues:
Number Reasons for recall
Voluntary recalls 0 Nil
Forced recalls 0 Nil
5. Doe s the entity have a framework/ policy on cyber security and risks related to data privacy? (Yes/No) If available, provide a 
web-link of the policy. 
 Y es, The Company has implemented a robust cybersecurity framework, which is not publicly disclosed due to confidentiality 
considerations. The framework is governed by a comprehensive cybersecurity policy covering key aspects such as network 
security, access control, data backup, and the acceptable use of information assets, ensuring the protection and integrity of 
critical information systems.
6. Pr ovide details of any corrective actions taken or underway on issues relating to advertising, and delivery of essential 
services; cyber security and data privacy of customers; re-occurrence of instances of product recalls; penalty / action taken 
by regulatory authorities on safety of products / services.
 The  Company confirms that there were no complaints or adverse instances reported during FY 2025–26 with respect to 
advertising and delivery of essential services, cybersecurity and customer data privacy, or recurrence of product recalls. 
Further, no penalties were imposed, nor were any regulatory actions initiated by authorities concerning the safety or quality of 
the Company’s products or services.
7. Pr ovide the following information relating to data breaches: 
 a.  Number of instances of da ta breaches - 0
 b.  P ercentage of data breaches involving personally identifiable information of customers - Nil
 c.  Impact, if any , of the data breaches - Nil
180

--- page 184 ---
ANNEXURE VI
ANNUAL REPORT ON THE CSR ACTIVITIES PURSUANT TO SECTION 135 OF THE COMPANIES ACT , 2013 (“THE ACT”) READ 
WITH THE COMPANIES (CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY POLICY) RULES, 2014, FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR 2025-2026.
1. A b rief outline of the Company’s CSR policy:
 A brief outli ne of the Company’s CSR policy, which includes overview of projects or programmes proposed to be undertaken 
and a reference to the web-link to the CSR policy and projects or programmes. 
Manorama Industries Limited (“Manorama” or “the Company”) is committed to being a responsible corporate citizen, 
continuously integrating economic performance with environmental and social stewardship. The Company views Corporate 
Social Responsibility (CSR) as essential to sustainable business growth, recognizing that its success is closely linked to the 
well-being of the communities and environment in which it operates. Manorama prioritizes high-impact initiatives, particularly 
in regions where it has a presence, with a focus on continuously creating lasting value for society and contributing to a more 
sustainable and liveable future.
The Company may carry out any one or more of the CSR activities, notified under the section 135 of the Act read with The 
Companies (Corporate Social Responsibility Policy) Rules, 2014 as amended from time to time and any other applicable 
provisions, which includes inter-alia the following: 
• T o eradicate hunger, poverty and malnutrition, and sanitation including contribution to the Swachh Bharat Kosh set-up 
by the Central Government for the promotion of sanitation and making available safe drinking water. 
• V ocational Training programmes to enhance the employability skills of the beneficiaries. 
• T o promote health care including rehabilitation health. 
• T o promote education and enhance vocational skills especially among children, women and differently abled person. 
• T o facilitate rural development and slum area development. 
• T o ensure environmental sustainability, ecological balance, conservation of natural resources 
• Pr otecting national heritage, art and culture, including the restoration of buildings, sites of  historical importance, and 
works of art; setting up public libraries; reviving, promoting and developing traditional arts and handicrafts. 
• Pr omoting gender equality and empowering women; setting up homes, hostels and day care  centers for women and 
orphans; setting up old age homes and other similar facilities for senior citizens; and adopting measures for reducing 
inequalities faced by socially and economically backward groups. 
• T raining to promote rural sports, nationally recognized sports, Paralympic sports and Olympics sports.  
•  Con tribution to Prime Minister’s National Relief Fund or Prime Minister’s Citizen Assistance and Relief in Emergency 
Situations Fund (PM CARES Fund) or any other fund set-up by the Central Government for socio-economic development 
and relief and welfare of Scheduled Castes, Scheduled Tribes, other backward classes, minorities and women.
 • Disaster management, inclu ding relief, rehabilitation and reconstruction activities.
 • Measur es for benefit of armed forces veterans, war widows and their dependants, Central Armed Police Forces (CAPF) 
and Central Para Military Forces (CPMF) veterans, and their dependents including widows.
 How ever, the CSR Committee shall have authority to decide to carry out any other CSR activities within the purview of 
permissible activities under the Act from time to time. 
2. Com position of CSR Committee as on March 31, 2026: 
Sr. 
No.
Name of Director Designation / Nature 
of Directorship
Number of meetings of 
CSR Committee held 
during the year
Number of meetings of CSR 
Committee attended during 
the year
1 Mr. Mudit Kumar Singh Chairperson 01 01
2 Mr. Ashish Ramesh Saraf Member 01 01
3 Mr. Jose Vailappallil Joseph Member 01 01
4 Mrs. Vinita Ashish Saraf (Appointed 
as member w.e.f. 25.07.2025).
Member 00 00
5. Mr. Ashish Bakliwal (Completion of 
Term w.e.f. 30.04.2025)
Member 01 00
Manorama Industries Limited
Annual Report 2025-26
Corporate OverviewStatutory ReportsFinancial Statements
181

--- page 185 ---
3. Pr ovide the web-link where Composition of CSR committee, CSR Policy and CSR projects approved by the board are 
disclosed on the website of the company- 
The CSR policy is available on the website of the Company at https://manoramagroup.co.in/investors-policies and the 
Committee composition is available at https://www.manoramagroup.co.in/investors-corporate-governance.
4. Pr ovide the details of Impact assessment of CSR projects carried out in pursuance of sub-rule (3) of rule 8 of the Companies 
(Corporate Social responsibility Policy) Rules, 2014, if applicable – N.A.
5. (a)  A verage Net profit of the Company as per Section 135(5): C 81,46,28,082
(b)  T wo percent of average net profit of the Company as per Section 135(5):  C 1,62,92,562
(c)  Sur plus arising out of the CSR projects, programmes, or activities of the previous financial years: C 4,16,893
(d)  A mount required to be set off for the financial year, if any: C 4,16,893
(e)  T otal CSR obligation for the financial year (5b+5c-5d): C 1,62,92,562
6. (a)  A mount spent on CSR Projects (both Ongoing Project and other than Ongoing Project): C 1,66,14,730
(b)  A mount spent in administrative overheads. -  NIL
(c)  A mount spent on Impact Assessment, if applicable. - NIL
(d)  T otal amount spent for the Financial Year [(a)+(b)+(c)]. : C 1,66,14,730
(e)  CSR  amount spent or unspent for the Financial Year:
Total Amount Spent 
for the Financial 
Year. (in C)
Amount Unspent (in C)
Total Amount transferred to Unspent 
CSR Account as per section 135(6).
Amount transferred to any fund specified under 
Schedule VII as per second proviso to Section 135(5).
Amount. Date of transfer Name of the Fund Amount Date of transfer
1,66,14,730 Nil Nil Nil Nil Nil
 (f )  Details of CSR amount sp ent against ongoing projects for the financial year: NA
 (g)  Details of CSR amount s pent against other than ongoing projects for the financial year:
1. 2. 3. 4. 5. 6. 7. 8.
Sr. 
No.
Name of 
the Project/
Activities
Item from 
the list of 
activities in 
schedule VII 
to the Act.
Local 
area 
(Yes/ 
No).
Location
of the project
Amount spent 
for the project 
(in C)
Mode of 
Implementation 
– Direct 
(Yes/No)
Mode of Implementation - 
Through Implementing Agency
State District Name CSR 
Registration 
number
1 Promoting 
education 
Item no. (ii) 
of Schedule 
VII
Yes Chhattisgarh, 
Maharashtra
Bilaspur, 
Mahasamund, 
Nayapara 
Rajim, 
Rajnandgaon, 
Kanker, 
Kunkuri, 
Ambikapur, 
Jagdalpur, 
Korba, 
manendragarh, 
Soorajpur, 
Dantewada, 
kondagaon, 
Raigarh, 
Khamgaon
30,00,000 Indirect Friends of 
Tribals Society
CSR00001898
20,00,000 Indirect Shri Balasahab 
Mane Shikshan 
Prasarak 
Mandal Ambap
CSR00049222
12,50,000 Indirect Human Welfare 
Foundation
CSR00092997
3,00,000 Indirect Chhatra Kalyan 
Nyas
CSR00065864
3,00,000 Indirect Shivalaya Trust CSR00063359
2 Eradicating 
hunger, poverty 
and malnutrition 
and making 
available safe 
drinking water
Item no. (i) of 
Schedule VII
Yes Chhattisgarh, 
Maharashtra
Bastar, 
Mahasamund, 
Raipur,  
Khamgaon
28,81,730 Direct - -
15,00,000 Indirect Love for 
Humanity
CSR00080339
51,000 Indirect Shri Manav 
Sewa Sansthan
CSR00043832
    7,27,000 Indirect Shivalaya Trust CSR00063359
182

--- page 186 ---
3 Promoting 
Healthcare 
including 
Preventive 
health Care
Item no. (i) of 
Schedule VII
Yes Chhattisgarh Raipur, Bastar 6,40,000 Direct - -
15,00,000 Indirect Love for 
Humanity
CSR00080339
11,00,000 Indirect Chhattisgarh 
Vipashyna Trust
CSR00025854
5,00,000 Indirect Thalassemics 
India
CSR00006583
4 Ensuring 
environmental 
sustainability, 
ecological 
balance,  
conservation 
of natural 
resources
Item no. (iv) 
of Schedule 
VII
Yes Chhattisgarh Bastar, 
Mahasamund
5,20,000 Direct - -
3,45,000 Indirect Green 
Sanrakshanam 
People 
Foundation
CSR00095233
Total 1,66,14,730
 (h) Excess amount for set off, if any: 
Sr. No Particular Amount (in C)
(i) Two percent of average net profit of the Company as per Section 135(5) 1,62,92,562
(ii) Total amount spent for the Financial Year 1,66,14,730
(iii) Excess amount spent for the financial year [(ii)-(i)] 3,22,168
(iv) Surplus arising out of the CSR projects or programmes or activities of the previous 
financial years, if any
4,16,893
(v) Amount available for set off in succeeding financial years [(iii)+(iv)] 7,39,061
7.  a. Details of Unspent CSR a mount for the preceding three financial years:  NA
Sr. 
No.
Preceding 
Financial 
Year
Amount 
transferred to 
Unspent CSR 
Account under 
Section 135 (6) 
(in C)
Amount spent 
in the reporting 
Financial Year 
(in C).
Amount transferred to any fund 
specified under Schedule VII as per 
Section 135(6), if any.
Amount 
remaining to 
be spent in 
succeeding 
financial years. 
(in C)
Name of 
the Fund
Amount  
(in C).
Date of 
transfer
- - - - - - -
 b. Details of CSR amount sp ent in the financial year for the ongoing projects of the preceding financial year:
8. In case of creation or acquisition of capital asset, furnish the details relating to the asset so created or acquired through 
CSR spent in the financial year (asset-wise details).  NA
Sl. 
No.
Short particulars of the 
property or asset(s) 
[including complete 
address and location of 
the property]
Pin code of 
the property 
or asset(s)
Date of 
creation
Amount of 
CSR amount 
spent
Details of entity/ Authority/ beneficiary  
of the registered owner
(1) (2) (3) (4) (5) (6)
CSR Registration 
Number, if 
applicable
Name Registered 
address
      
9. Spe cify the reason(s), if the Company has failed to spend two per cent of the average net profit as per section 135(5): NA
For and on behalf of the Board of Directors
For Manorama Industries Limited
Place: Raipur
Date: August 13, 2026
Mudit Kumar Singh
Chairman, CSR Committee
DIN: 03276749
Ashish Ramesh Saraf
Managing Director
DIN: 00183357
Manorama Industries Limited
Annual Report 2025-26
Corporate OverviewStatutory ReportsFinancial Statements
183

--- page 187 ---
Annexure VII
FORM MR-3
SECRETARIAL AUDIT REPORT
FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31ST MARCH 2026
[Pursuant to section 204(1) of the Companies Act, 2013 and rule no 9 of the Companies 
(Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014]
To,
The Members,
Manorama Industries Limited
Office No. 701, 7th Floor, Bonanza Building,
Sahar Plaza Complex, Andheri Kurla Road,
Andheri (East), Mumbai (M.H.) -400059
I have conducted the Secretarial Audit of the compliance of applicable statutory provisions and the adherence to good corporate 
practices by M/s. Manorama Industries Limited (CIN: L15142MH2005PLC243687) (hereinafter called ‘the Company’). Secretarial 
Audit was conducted for the financial year ended on 31st March 2026 in a manner that provided me a reasonable basis for 
evaluating the corporate conducts, statutory compliances and expressing my opinion thereon.
Based on my verification of the company’s books, papers, minute books, forms and returns filed and other records maintained by 
the Company and the written representations, explanations and the information provided by the Company, its officers, agents and 
authorized representatives during conduct of the secretarial audit, I hereby report that in my opinion, the Company has during the 
audit period covering the financial year ended on 31st March 2026, complied with the statutory provisions listed hereunder and 
also that the Company has proper Board-processes and compliance-mechanism in place to the extent, in the manner and subject 
to the reporting made hereinafter.
I have examined the books, papers, minute books, forms and returns filed and other records maintained by the Company for the 
financial year ended on 31st March 2026, according to the provisions of:
 (i) The  Companies Act, 2013 (the Act) and the rules made thereunder;
(ii) The  Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act, 1956 (‘SCRA’) and the rules made thereunder;
(iii) The  Depositories Act, 1996 and the Regulations and Bye-laws framed thereunder;
(iv)  The  following regulations and guidelines prescribed under the Securities and Exchange Board of India Act, 1992 (‘SEBI Act’):
(a) The  Securities and Exchange Board of India (Substantial Acquisition of Shares and Takeovers) Regulations, 2011;
(b) The  Securities and Exchange Board of India (Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations, 2015;
(c)  The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Share Based Employee Benefits and Sweat Equity) Regulations, 2021.
(d)   The  Securities and Exchange Board of India (Registrars to an Issue and Share Transfer Agents) Regulations, 1993 
regarding the Companies Act and dealing with client;
(e) The  Securities and Exchange Board of India (Depositories and Participants) Regulations, 1996;
(f) The  Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations And Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 and 
the amendments made therein from time to time,
It was informed that there were no actions or events occurred during the financial year which requires compliance under the 
following statutes/Acts:
(a) The  Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue of Capital and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2009;
(b)   The  Securities and Exchange Board of India (Employee Stock Option Scheme and Employee Stock Purchase Scheme) 
Guidelines, 1999;
(c)   The  Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue and Listing of Debt Securities) Regulations, 2008;
184

--- page 188 ---
(d)   The  Securities and Exchange Board of India (Delisting of Equity Shares) Regulations, 2009; and
(e) The  Securities and Exchange Board of India (Buyback of Securities) Regulations, 1998;
I have also examined compliance with the applicable clauses of the following:
i.  Sec retarial Standards on Board Meetings and General Meetings issued by Institute of Company Secretaries of India (The 
ICSI);
I report that during the period under review the Company has complied with the provisions of the Act, rules, regulations, guidelines, 
standards, etc. mentioned above subject to the following observations:
1.  The  quarterly financial results have been duly published by the company in accordance with the provisions of Regulation 47(1) 
of SEBI (LODR) Regulation 2015 however, it was brought to the notice of the management that QR Code shall also be provided 
in the published financial statements.
I further report that subject to above:
Ø The  Board of Directors of the Company was duly constituted with proper balance of Executive Directors, Non-Executive 
Directors and Independent Directors.
Ø Adequate notices were given to all directors to schedule the Board Meetings, agenda and detailed notes on agenda were sent 
at least seven days in advance, and a system found to exist for seeking and obtaining further information and clarifications on 
the agenda items before the meeting and for meaningful participation at the meeting.
Ø Majority decision was carried through assent of the members, while the system permits the views of dissenting member 
views could be captured and recorded as part of the minutes and no such dissenting views received from the members.
I further report that there were adequate systems and processes in the company commensurate with the size and operations of 
the company to monitor and ensure compliance with applicable laws, rules, regulations and guidelines. The company had deputed 
proper persons to ensure the timely compliances of laws applicable to the Company.
There were no other specific events/actions having a major bearing on the company’s affairs in pursuance of the above referred 
laws, rules, regulations, guidelines, standards, etc. referred to above.
For, B.R. Agrawal & Associates
Practicing Company Secretary
(CS Brajesh R. Agrawal)
Proprietor
FCS no: 5771 | C.P . No.: 5649
UDIN: F005771H001080724
PR No. 4710/2023
Date: 11/08/2026
Place: Raipur
Note: This report is to be read with our letter of even date which is annexed as Annexure-A and forms an integral part of this 
report.
Manorama Industries Limited
Annual Report 2025-26
Corporate OverviewStatutory ReportsFinancial Statements
185

--- page 189 ---
Annexure A
To,
The Members,
Manorama Industries Limited
Office No. 701, 7th Floor, Bonanza Building,
Sahar Plaza Complex, Andheri Kurla Road,
Andheri (East), Mumbai – 400059
The Secretarial audit report for the financial year 31st March 2026 is to be read along with this letter.
Management Responsibility
1.   It is the responsibility of the Management of the Company to maintain Secretarial records, devise proper systems to ensure 
compliance with the provisions of all applicable laws and regulations and to ensure that the systems are adequate and 
operate effectively.
Auditors Responsibility
1.   My  responsibility is to express an opinion on these secretarial records, standards and procedures followed by the Company 
with respect to secretarial compliances.
2.  I believe that audit evidence and information and explanations obtained from the Company management is adequate and 
appropriate for us to provide a basis for my opinion.
3.   Whene ver required I have obtained the managements representation about the compliance of laws, rules and regulations, 
regarding maintenance of records and happenings of events etc.
Disclaimer
1.   E ven though the audit is properly planned and performed in accordance with the applicable standards still due to inherent 
limitations of an audit including internal, financial and operating controls, there is unavoidable risk that some misstatement 
and material non-compliances may not be detected.
2.   The  secretarial audit report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor of the efficacy or effectiveness 
with which the management has conducted the affairs of the Company.
3.   I have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of financial records and books of accounts of and other incidental 
laws applicable to the Company.
For, B.R. Agrawal & Associates
Practicing Company Secretary
(CS Brajesh R. Agrawal)
Proprietor
FCS no: 5771 | C.P . No.: 5649
UDIN: F005771H001080724
PR No. 4710/2023
Date: 11/08/2026
Place: Raipur
186

--- page 190 ---
ANNEXURE VIII
DETAILS PERTAINING TO REMUNERATION AS REQUIRED UNDER SECTION 197(12) READ WITH RULE 5(1) OF COMPANIES 
(APPOINTMENT AND REMUNERATION OF MANAGERIAL PERSONNEL) RULES, 2014
a. The ratio of the remuneration of each director to the median remuneration of the employees of the Company for Financial 
Year 2025-26:
 The  median remuneration of employees of the Company during the Financial Year (F.Y.) 2025-26 was INR 4,94,775 and ratio 
of the remuneration of each Director to the median remuneration of the employees of the Company for the Financial Year 
2025-26 is provided in the table below:
                       (A mount in D)
Sr. 
No.
Name of Director Designation Remuneration of 
Director for F .Y. 
2025-26
Ratio of Remuneration of 
each Director to Median 
Remuneration of employees 
for F .Y. 2025-26
1. Mr. Ashish Ramesh Saraf Chairman & Managing Director 9,85,00,000 199.09
2. Mrs. Vinita Ashish Saraf Executive Director 3,87,80,000 78.38
3. Mr. Gautam Kumar Pal Executive Director 2,09,71,250 42.39
4. Mr. Shrey Ashish Saraf Executive Director 1,37,72,500 27.84
5. Mr. Ashok Jain *Executive Director 2,80,12,168 56.62
6. Ms. Subhaprada Nishtala *Independent Director 2,90,000 0.59
7. Mr. Jose Vailappallil Joseph Independent Director 3,10,000 0.63
8. Mr. Nipun Sumanlal Mehta *Independent Director 3,40,000 0.69
9. Mr. Mudit Kumar Singh Independent Director 3,40,000 0.69
10. Ms. Veni Mocherla Independent Director 3,30,000 0.67
Total 20,16,45,918
The Independent Directors were paid only sitting fees and reimbursement of expenses during the Financial Year 2025-26. 
Hence, information pertaining to remuneration and ratio of remuneration is Not Applicable to the Independent Directors of 
the Company.
* Ms. Subhaprada Nishtala was appointed as an Additional Director in the category of Non-Executive Independent Director of 
the Company with effect from April 26, 2025. Subsequently, the Members of the Company, at their meeting held on June 11, 
2025, regularized her appointment as an Independent Director in the category of Non-Executive Independent Director.
* Mr. Nipun Sumanlal Mehta  was re-appointed as an Independent Director of the Company for his second term of 5 (five) 
years w.e.f. March 05, 2026.
*Mr. Ashok Jain was reappointed as Whole-time Director for three (3) years w.e.f November 15, 2025.
b. The percentage increase in remuneration of each Director, Chief Executive Officer (CEO), Chief Financial Officer (CFO), 
Company Secretary or Manager, if any, in the financial year:
 The  percentage increase in remuneration of each Director, Chief Executive Officer (CEO), Chief Financial Officer (CFO), 
Company Secretary or Manager, if any, in 2025-26 is provided in the table below:
Sr. 
No.
Name of Director/KMP Designation % increase in Remuneration 
in F .Y.- 2025-26
1 Mr. Ashish Ramesh Saraf Chairman & Managing Director 208.78%
2 Mrs. Vinita Ashish Saraf Vice Chairperson and Whole Time Director 152.52%
3 *Mr. Gautam Kumar Pal Whole-Time Director 179.62%
4 Mr. Shrey Ashish Saraf Whole-Time Director 72.16%
5 *Mr. Ashok Jain Whole-Time Director & Chief Financial Officer 618.26%
6 *Mr. Deepak Sharma Company Secretary 551.03%
Manorama Industries Limited
Annual Report 2025-26
Corporate OverviewStatutory ReportsFinancial Statements
187

--- page 191 ---
*The percentage increase in the remuneration of Mr. Gautam Kumar Pal, Mr. Ashok Jain and Mr. Deepak Sharma during  
FY 2025-26 is primarily attributable to the inclusion of ESOP perquisites in their remuneration, amounting to C1,13,71,250, 
C2,14,74,668 and C87,18,000, respectively.
c. The  percentage increase in the median remuneration of employees in the Financial Year 2025-26 is 14.60%
d. The  number of permanent employees on the rolls of the Company as on March 31, 2026 is 523.
e. A verage percentile increase already made in the salaries of employees other than the managerial personnel in the last financial 
year and its comparison with the percentile increase in the managerial remuneration and justification thereof and point out if 
there are any exceptional circumstances for increase in the managerial remuneration:
 During FY 2025-26, the average percentage increase in salary of the Company’s employees, excluding the Key Managerial 
Personnel (‘KMP’) was 18.33%. The percentage increase in the remuneration of KMPs was 209.02%.
f. The  remuneration is as per the remuneration policy of the Company.
g. The  statement containing names of top ten employees in terms of remuneration drawn and the particulars of employees as 
required under Section 197(12) of the Act read with Rule 5(2) and 5(3) of the Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of 
Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014.
Name Age Qualification 
and 
experience 
of the 
employee;
Date of 
Employment 
and  
Nature of 
employment, 
whether 
contractual 
or otherwise;
Designation/ 
Nature of 
duties
Gross/
Remuneration 
received
Date of 
commencement 
of employment 
Name of 
Previous 
Employer
The 
percentage 
of equity 
shares 
held by the 
employee 
in the 
company
whether any such 
employee is a 
relative of any 
director or manager 
of the company 
and if so, name of 
such director or 
manager
Ashish 
Ramesh 
Saraf
56 
Years
B. Com 35 
Years
02.05.2018 Chairman and 
Managing 
Director
9,85,00,000.00 02.05.2018 - 43.68 % Yes, Spouse of  
Mrs. Vinita Ashish 
Saraf and father of 
Mr. Shrey Ashish 
Saraf
Vinita 
Ashish 
Saraf
56 
Years
B. Com 
22 Years
25.03.2006 Vice-
Chairperson 
and Whole 
Time Director
3,87,80,000.00 25.03.2006 - 7.24 % Yes, Spouse of  
Mr. Ashish Ramesh 
Saraf and mother 
of Mr. Shrey Ashish 
Saraf
Ashok 
Kumar 
Jain
43 
Years
CA 
12 Years
02.07.2014 Whole Time 
Director & 
CFO
2,80,12,168.00 02.07.2014 - 0.04 % -
Krish 
Bhaggan
58 
Years
PHD 
24 Years
01.01.2019 Dy. CEO— 
Business 
Development 
& VP— R&D
2,48,44,510.00 01.01.2019 IOI Loders 
Crocklaan
0.00 % -
Deep 
Saraf
52 
Years
B. Com 
23 Years
02.05.2018 Dy. CEO- 
Chief 
Coordinator
2,30,72,500.00 02.05.2018 - 0.00 % Yes. Brother of 
Mr. Ashish Ramesh 
Saraf
Gautam 
Kumar 
Pal
52 
Years
B. Tech 
24 Years
10.01.2018 Whole Time 
Director
2,09,71,250.00 10.01.2018 - 0.02 % -
Nisha 
Sharma
30 
Years
M Com 
8 Years
01.02.2021 Assistant 
Vice 
President 
(International 
Sales and 
Business 
Development)
1,58,09,800.00 01.02.2021 Almus Risk 
Consulting 
LLP
0.01 % -
188

--- page 192 ---
Name Age Qualification 
and 
experience 
of the 
employee;
Date of 
Employment 
and  
Nature of 
employment, 
whether 
contractual 
or otherwise;
Designation/ 
Nature of 
duties
Gross/
Remuneration 
received
Date of 
commencement 
of employment 
Name of 
Previous 
Employer
The 
percentage 
of equity 
shares 
held by the 
employee 
in the 
company
whether any such 
employee is a 
relative of any 
director or manager 
of the company 
and if so, name of 
such director or 
manager
Chandan 
Kumar 
Gupta
40 
Years
B. Tech and 
MBA 
15 Years
01.10.2016 Vice 
President 
(Sales)
1,48,62,813.00 01.10.2016 Raipur 
Institute of 
Technology
0.02 % -
Shrey 
Ashish 
Saraf
32 
Years
BBA 
9 Years
19.08.2019 Whole Time 
Director
1,37,72,500.00 19.08.2019 - 0.24 % Yes, Son of  
Mr. Ashish Ramesh 
Saraf and  
Mrs. Vinita Ashish 
Saraf
Sten 
Andreas 
Appel
61 
Years
Chemical 
Engineer 
33 Years
01.08.2021 VP (New &  
Existing 
Projects)
1,19,61,000.00 01.08.2021 AAK & Alfa 
Laval
0.00 % -
 
For and on behalf of the Board of Directors
For Manorama Industries Limited
Place: Raipur
Date: August 13, 2026
Ashish Ramesh Saraf
Managing Director
DIN: 00183357
Ashok Jain
Whole Time Director
       DIN: 09791163
Manorama Industries Limited
Annual Report 2025-26
Corporate OverviewStatutory ReportsFinancial Statements
189

--- page 193 ---
ANNEXURE IX
AS PER THE DISCLOSURE REQUIREMENT SPECIFIED UNDER SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE BOARD OF INDIA (SHARE BASED 
EMPLOYEE BENEFITS AND SWEAT EQUITY) REGULATIONS, 2021 AND SECTION 62(1)(b) OF THE COMPANIES ACT , 2013 READ 
WITH RULE 12(9) OF THE COMPANIES (SHARE CAPITAL & DEBENTURES) RULES, 2014, THE FOLLOWING INFORMATION IS 
DISCLOSED WITH RESPECT TO EMPLOYEE STOCK BENEFIT PLANS FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR (FY) ENDED MARCH 31, 2026.
Details of ESOP MIL Stock Option Plan 2021 (MIL ESOP 2021)
1. The  Board of Directors in their report shall disclose any material change in 
the scheme(s) and whether the scheme(s) is / are in compliance with the 
regulations.
There is no material change in the scheme 
during the year under review.
Refer to the Board’s Report, page no. 86 of the 
Annual Report for FY 2025-26.
2. F urther, the following details, inter alia, shall be disclosed on the Company’s website and a web-link thereto shall be provided 
in the report of Board of Directors
A. Rele vant disclosures in terms of the accounting standards prescribed 
by the Central Government in terms of Section 133 of the Companies 
Act, 2013 (18 of 2013) including the ‘Guidance note on accounting for 
employee share-based payments’ issued in that regard from time to time.
Disclosed in Notes to Accounts - Note 11 
to Standalone Financials for the year ended 
March 31, 2026, page 220 of the Annual Report. 
(Disclosures are provided in accordance with 
Ind AS 102-Share based payment)
B. Diluted EPS on issue of shares pursuant to all the schemes covered 
under the regulations shall be disclosed in accordance with ‘Accounting 
Standard 20 - Earnings Per Share’ issued by Central Government or any 
other relevant accounting standards as issued from time to time.
Refer page 232 of the Annual Report for 
disclosure of Diluted EPS at standalone level. 
(Disclosures are provided in accordance with 
Ind AS 33- Earnings Per Share)
C. Details of the ESOP
I. Des cription of each ESOP that existed at any  time during the year
(a) Dat e of shareholder’s approval September 29, 2021
(b) T otal number of options approved under ESOP* 11,91,980
(c) V esting requirements Subject to the compliance with the SEBI 
SBEB&SE Regulations, Options granted under
MIL ESOP 2021 shall Vest after a minimum 
period of 1 (One) year from the date of Grant. 
Vesting of Options may happen in one or more 
tranches. The Vesting conditions subject to 
which vesting would take place shall be outlined 
in the letter of grant given to the Option Grantee 
at the time of grant of such Options.
(d) Ex ercise price or pricing formula ( `) The consideration payable by an Option Grantee 
for exercising an individual Option would be the 
Exercise Price, which shall be as mentioned 
in the letter of grant. Such Exercise Price shall 
not be less than Face Value of Shares of the 
Company. Exercise Price payable by an Option 
Grantee and the manner thereof, shall be 
determined by the NRC, from time to time and 
which may be different for different Eligible 
Employees or class thereof.
(e) Maximum term of options g ranted (years) For Vesting Options: maximum period of 4 
(Four) years in equal instalments.
For Exercise Options: Maximum period of 3 
months from the date of vesting of the Options.
(f) Sou rce of shares  (Primary, Secondary or combination) Primary 
(g) V ariation in terms of options No variation
190

--- page 194 ---
Details of ESOP MIL Stock Option Plan 2021 (MIL ESOP 2021)
II. Method used to account fo r ESOP Intrinsic Value Method as per IND AS-102
III. Wher e the Company opts for expensing of the options using the intrinsic 
value of the options, the difference between the employee compensation 
cost so computed and the employee compensation cost that shall 
have been recognized if it had used the fair value of the options shall 
be disclosed. The impact of this difference on profits and on EPS of the 
Company shall also be disclosed.
Details of weighted average exercise price and 
fair value of the stock options granted at price 
below market price (on the date of grant):
Particulars Value
Total options granted 2,58,000
Weighted average exercise price 
(in `)
248.50
Weighted average fair value (in `) 817.72
IV. Opt ion Movement during the year:
(a) Num ber of Options Outstanding at the beginning of the year 2,16,500
(b) Num ber of Options Granted during the year NIL
(c) Num ber of Options Forfeited / lapsed during the year 88,770
(d)  Num ber of Options Vested but not exercised during the year NIL
(e)  Num ber of Options Exercised during the year 1,09,480
(f)  T otal number of shares arising as a result of exercise of options 18,250
(g)  Mone y realised by exercise of options ( `) 2,72,57,480
(h)  Num ber of options Outstanding at the end of the year 18,250
(i)  Num ber of Options exercisable at the end of the year 18,250
(j)  Loa n repaid by the Trust during the year from exercise price received NIL
v. W eighted-average exercise prices and weighted-average fair values of 
options shall be disclosed separately for options whose exercise price 
either equals or exceeds or is less than the market price of the stock.
Weighted-average exercise prices – 
` 248.50/- only (Rupees Two Hundred Forty-
Eight and Fifty paisa only)
Weighted-average fair values of options – 
` 817.72/- only (Rupees Eight Hundred Seventeen 
and Seventy Two Paisa only)
VI. Emplo yee-wise details of options granted during the financial year 2025-
26 to:
(a) Sen ior Managerial Personnel/ Key Managerial Personnel NIL
(b) Emplo yees who were granted, during any one year, options amounting to 
5% or more of the options granted during the year
NIL
(c) Iden tified employees who were granted options, during any one year, equal 
to or exceeding 1 per cent of the issued capital (excluding outstanding 
warrants and conversions) of the Company at the time of grant
 NIL
VII.  A description of the method and significant assumptions used during 
the year to estimate the fair value of options including the following 
information::
(a)  the  weighted-average values of share price
exercise price                                                           
expected volatility 
expected option life 
expected dividends 
the risk-free interest rate 
and any other inputs to the model
` 248.50/-
Exercise price at ` 236.20 for Grant 1 and 
` 251.00 for Grant 2
59.09%
NIL
0.04%
6.58%
-
(b)  the  method used and the assumptions made to incorporate the effects of 
expected early exercise;
Black–Scholes Method
Manorama Industries Limited
Annual Report 2025-26
Corporate OverviewStatutory ReportsFinancial Statements
191

--- page 195 ---
(c)  how  expected volatility was determined, including an explanation of the 
extent to which expected volatility was based on historical volatility; and
The volatility of  the options is based on the 
historical volatility of the share price for the 
last One year as on the date of grant.
(d)  Whether and how any other features of the option grant were incorporated 
into the measurement of fair value, such as a market condition.
The fair value of the options was estimated 
on the date of grant using the Black 
Scholes model with the following significant 
assumptions:
Particulars Assumptions
Risk free interest rate (in %) 6.58%
Volatility (in %) 59.09%
Dividend yield (in %) 0.04%
Attrition rate 1% to 5%
Note:
The volatility of the options is based on the 
historical volatility of the share price for the last 
one year as on the date of grant.
D.  Det ails related to ESPS N.A.
E.  Det ails related to SAR N.A.
F.  Det ails related to GEBS / RBS N.A.
G.  Det ails related to Trust N.A.
Manorama Industries Limited Employees Stock Option Plan 2021 (“MIL ESOP 2021”) was approved by the shareholders of the 
Company on 29th September, 2021. Options granted under the Plan shall vest after a minimum period of 1 (One) year from the date 
of Grant. Once vested, the options have to be exercised within a period of 3 months from the date of vesting of such options. The 
allotted shares will be under the lock in of One year from the allotment date.
For and on behalf of the Board of Directors
For Manorama Industries Limited
Place: Raipur
Date: August 13, 2026
Ashish Ramesh Saraf 
Managing Director
DIN: 00183357
Ashok Jain 
          Whole Time Director
       DIN: 09791163
192

--- page 196 ---
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT
TO THE MEMBERS OF MANORAMA INDUSTRIES LIMITED
Report on the Audit of the Standalone Financial Statements
Opinion
We have audited the accompanying standalone financial 
statements of MANORAMA INDUSTRIES LIMITED (the 
“Company”), which comprise the Balance Sheet as at March 
31, 2026, the Statement of Profit and Loss (including Other 
Comprehensive Income), the Statement of Changes in Equity 
and the Statement of Cash Flows for the year ended on that 
date and a summary of material accounting policies and 
other explanatory information (hereinafter referred to as the 
“standalone financial statements”).
In our opinion and to the best of our information and according 
to the explanations given to us, the aforesaid  standalone 
financial statements give the information required by the 
Companies Act, 2013 (the “Act”) in the manner so required 
and give a true and fair view in conformity with the Indian 
Accounting Standards prescribed under section 133 of the 
Act read with the Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) 
Rules, 2015, as amended, (“Ind AS”) and other accounting 
principles generally accepted in India, of the state of affairs 
of the Company as at March 31, 2026 and its profit, total 
comprehensive income, changes in equity and its cash flows 
for the year ended on that date.
Basis for Opinion
We conducted our audit of the standalone financial statements 
in accordance with the Standards on Auditing (“SA”s) 
specified under section 143(10) of the Act. Our responsibilities 
under those Standards are further described in the Auditor’s 
Responsibilities for the Audit of the Standalone Financial 
Statements section of our report. We are independent of the 
Company in accordance with the Code of Ethics issued by the 
Institute of Chartered Accountants of India (“ICAI”) together 
with the ethical requirements that are relevant to our audit of 
the standalone financial statements under the provisions of 
the Act and the Rules made thereunder, and we have fulfilled 
our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these 
requirements and the ICAI’s Code of Ethics. We believe that 
the audit evidence obtained by us is sufficient and appropriate 
to provide a basis for our audit opinion on the standalone 
financial statements.
Key Audit Matters
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional 
judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the 
standalone financial statements of the current period. These 
matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the 
standalone financial statements as a whole, and in forming 
our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion 
on these matters. We have determined that there are no key 
audit matters to communicate in our report.
INFORMATION OTHER THAN THE STANDALONE FINANCIAL 
STATEMENTS AND AUDITOR’S REPORT THEREON
The Company’s Board of Directors is responsible for the other 
information. The other information comprises the information 
included in the Management Discussion and Analysis, 
Board’s Report including Annexures to Board’s Report, 
Business Responsibility Report, Corporate Governance and 
Shareholder’s Information, but does not include the standalone 
financial statements and our auditor’s report thereon.
Our opinion on the standalone financial statements does not 
cover the other information and we do not express any form 
of assurance conclusion thereon.
In connection with our audit of the standalone financial 
statements, our responsibility is to read the other information 
and, in doing so, consider whether the other information 
is materially inconsistent with the standalone financial 
statements or our knowledge obtained during the course of 
our audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.
If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that 
there is a material misstatement of this other information, we 
are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in 
this regard.
MANAGEMENT’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE 
STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
The Company’s Board of Directors is responsible for the 
matters stated in section 134(5) of the Act with respect to 
the preparation of these standalone financial statements 
that give a true and fair view of the financial position, 
financial performance, including other comprehensive 
income, changes in equity and cash flows of the Company in 
accordance with the Ind AS and other accounting principles 
generally accepted in India. This responsibility also includes 
maintenance of adequate accounting records in accordance 
with the provisions of the Act for safeguarding the assets of 
the Company and for preventing and detecting frauds  and  
other  irregularities; selection  and  application of appropriate 
accounting policies; making judgments and estimates that 
are reasonable and prudent; and design, implementation 
and maintenance of adequate internal financial controls, 
that were operating effectively for ensuring the accuracy 
and completeness of the accounting records, relevant to 
the preparation and presentation of the standalone financial 
statements that give a true and fair view and are free from 
material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.
In preparing the standalone financial statements, management 
is responsible for assessing the Company’s ability to continue 
as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related 
to going concern and using the going concern basis of 
accounting unless management either intends to liquidate the 
Company or to cease operations, or has no realistic alternative 
but to do so.
The Board of Directors is also responsible for overseeing the 
Company’s financial reporting process.
AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE 
STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about 
whether the standalone financial statements as a whole 
are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud 
or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our 
Financial Statements Statutory Reports Corporate Overview
Manorama Industries Limited
Annual Report 2025-26
193

--- page 197 ---
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT (Contd.)
opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, 
but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance 
with SAs will always detect a material misstatement when it 
exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are 
considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they 
could reasonably be expected to influence the economic 
decisions of users taken on the basis of these standalone 
financial statements.
As part of an audit in accordance with SAs, we exercise 
professional judgment and maintain professional scepticism 
throughout the audit. We also:
l I dentify and assess the risks of material misstatement of 
the standalone financial statements, whether due to fraud 
or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive 
to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient 
and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk 
of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from 
fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud 
may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, 
misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.
l Obt ain an understanding of internal financial control 
relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures 
that are appropriate in the circumstances. Under 
section 143(3)(i) of the Act, we are also responsible for 
expressing our opinion on whether the Company has 
adequate internal financial controls system in place and 
the operating effectiveness of such controls.
l Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies 
used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates 
and related disclosures made by the management.
l Con clude on the appropriateness of management’s use 
of the going concern basis of accounting and, based 
on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material 
uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that 
may cast significant doubt on the Company’s ability 
to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a 
material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw 
attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures 
in the standalone financial statements or, if such 
disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our 
conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained 
up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future 
events or conditions may cause the Company to cease 
to continue as a going concern.
l Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content 
of the standalone financial statements, including the 
disclosures, and whether the standalone financial 
statements represent the underlying transactions and 
events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.
Materiality is the magnitude of misstatements in the 
standalone financial statements that, individually or in 
aggregate, makes it probable that the economic decisions of 
a reasonably knowledgeable user of the standalone financial 
statements may be influenced.  We consider quantitative 
materiality and qualitative factors in (i) planning the scope of 
our audit work and in evaluating the results of our work; and 
(ii) to evaluate the effect of any identified misstatements in 
the standalone financial statements.
We communicate with those charged with governance 
regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and 
timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including 
any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify 
during our audit.
We also provide those charged with governance with a 
statement that we have complied with relevant ethical 
requirements regarding independence, and to communicate 
with them all relationships and other matters that may 
reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and 
where applicable, related safeguards.
From the matters communicated with those charged with 
governance, we determine those matters that were of most 
significance in the audit of the standalone financial statements 
of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters. 
We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law 
or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or 
when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a 
matter should not be communicated in our report because 
the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably 
be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such 
communication.
REPORT ON OTHER LEGAL AND REGULATORY 
REQUIREMENTS
1.   As required by the Companies (Auditor’s Report) Order, 
2020 (the “Order”) issued by the Central Government in 
terms of Section 143(11) of the Act, we give in “Annexure 
A” a statement on the matters specified in paragraphs 3 
and 4 of the Order.
2.   As required by Section 143(3) of the Act, based on our 
audit we report that:
a)   We have sought and obtained all the information 
and explanations which to the best of our knowledge 
and belief were necessary for the purposes of our 
audit.
b)    In our opinion, proper books of account as required 
by law have been kept by the Company so far as it 
appears from our examination of those books.
c)  The  Balance Sheet, the Statement of Profit and Loss 
including Other Comprehensive Income, Statement 
of Changes in Equity and the Statement of Cash 
Flows dealt with by this Report are in agreement 
with the books of account.
d)   In our opinion, the aforesaid standalone financial 
statements comply with the Ind AS specified under 
Section 133 of the Act.
e)   On   the   basis   of   the   written   representations   
received   from   the   directors   as   on March 31, 
2026 taken on record by the Board of Directors, 
none of the directors is disqualified as on March 31, 
2026 from being appointed as a director in terms of 
194

--- page 198 ---
Section 164(2) of the Act.
f) With respect to the adequacy of the internal 
financial controls over financial reporting of the 
Company and the operating effectiveness of such 
controls, refer to our separate Report in “Annexure 
B”. Our report expresses an unmodified opinion on 
the adequacy and operating effectiveness of the 
Company’s internal financial controls over financial 
reporting.
g)  With respect to the other matters to be included 
in the Auditor’s Report in accordance with the 
requirements of section 197(16) of the Act, as 
amended:
 In our opinion and to the best of our information 
and according to the explanations given to us, the 
remuneration paid by the Company to its directors 
during the year is in accordance with the provisions 
of section 197 of the Act.
h) With respec t to the other matters to be included in 
the Auditor’s Report in accordance with Rule 11 of 
the Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014, 
as amended, in our opinion and to the best of our 
information and according to the explanations 
given to us:
i. The  Company has disclosed the impact of 
pending litigations on its financial position in 
its standalone financial statements.
ii. The  Company did not have any long-term 
contracts including derivative contracts for 
which there were any material foreseeable 
losses.
iii. The re has been no delay in transferring 
amounts, required to be transferred, to the 
Investor Education and Protection Fund by the 
Company.
iv. (a)   The Management has represented that, 
to the best of its knowledge and belief, no 
funds (which are material either individually 
or in the aggregate) have been advanced or 
loaned or invested (either from borrowed 
funds or share premium or any other sources 
or kind of funds) by the Company to or in any 
other person or entity, including foreign entity 
(“Intermediaries”), with the understanding, 
whether recorded in writing or otherwise, that 
the Intermediary shall, whether, directly or 
indirectly lend or invest in other persons or 
entities identified in any  manner whatsoever 
by or on behalf of the Company (“Ultimate 
Beneficiaries”) or provide any guarantee, 
security or the like on behalf of the Ultimate 
Beneficiaries;
(b)   The  Management has represented, that, to 
the best of its knowledge and belief, no funds 
(which are material either individually or in 
the aggregate) have been received by the 
Company from any person or entity, including 
foreign entity (“Funding Parties”), with the 
understanding, whether recorded in writing or 
otherwise, that the Company shall, whether, 
directly or indirectly, lend or invest in other 
persons or entities identified in any manner 
whatsoever by or on behalf of the Funding 
Party (“Ultimate Beneficiaries”) or provide any 
guarantee, security or the like on behalf of the 
Ultimate Beneficiaries;
(c)  Based on the audit procedures that have been 
considered reasonable and appropriate in 
the circumstances, nothing has come to our 
notice that has caused us to believe that the 
representations under sub-clause (i) and (ii) 
of Rule 11(e), as provided under (a) and (b) 
above, contain any material misstatement.
(i) As stated in Note 39 to the standalone financial 
statements.
(a) The  final dividend proposed in the previous 
year, declared and paid by the Company during 
the year is in accordance with Section 123 of 
the Act, as applicable.
(b) The  Board of Directors of the Company has not 
declared and paid any interim dividend during 
the year or before the date of audit report for 
the year ended 31st March, 2026, therefore 
reporting under this clause is not applicable.
(c) The  Board of Directors of the Company have 
proposed final dividend for the year which is 
subject to the approval of the members at the 
ensuing Annual General Meeting. The amount 
of dividend proposed is in accordance with 
section 123 of the Act, as applicable.
(j) Based on our examination which included test 
checks, the company has used an accounting 
software for maintaining its books of account 
which has a feature of recording audit trail (edit log) 
facility and the same has operated through out the 
year for all relevant transactions recorded in the 
software. Further, during the course of our audit 
we did not come across any instance of audit trail 
feature being tampered with. Additionally, the audit 
trail has been preserved by the company as per the 
statutory requirements for record retention.
For Singhi & Co.
(ICAI Firm Regn.302049E)
Chartered Accountants
Sanjay Kumar Dewangan
Partner
Membership number: 409524
Raipur, 11th May, 2026
UDIN: 26409524RMZIZK5695
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT (Contd.)
Financial Statements Statutory Reports Corporate Overview
Manorama Industries Limited
Annual Report 2025-26
195

--- page 199 ---
ANNEXURE ‘A’ TO THE INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT
(Referred to in paragraph 1 under ‘Report on Other Legal 
and Regulatory Requirements’ section of our report to the 
Members of Manorama Industries Limited of even date)
To the best of our information and according to the 
explanations provided to us by the Company and the books of 
account and records examined by us in the normal course of 
audit, we state that:
i.     In respect of the Company’s Property, Plant and 
Equipment and Intangible Assets:
(a) (A)  The Company has maintained proper records 
showing full particulars, including quantitative 
details and situation of Property, Plant and 
Equipment.
 (B)  The Company has maintained proper records 
showing full particulars of intangible assets.
(b) The  Company has a program of physical verification 
of Property, Plant and Equipment so to cover all the 
assets once every three years which, in our opinion, is 
reasonable having regard to the size of the Company 
and the nature of its assets. Pursuant to the program, 
certain Property, Plant and Equipment were due for 
verification during the year and were physically verified 
by the Management during the year. According to the 
information and explanations given to us, no material 
discrepancies were noticed on such verification.
(c) Based on our examination of the registered sale deed / 
transfer deed / conveyance deed provided to us, we report 
that, the title in respect of self-constructed buildings and 
title deeds of all other immovable properties, disclosed 
in the standalone financial statements included under 
Property, Plant and Equipment are held in the name of 
the Company as at the balance sheet date.
(d) The  Company has not revalued any of its Property, Plant 
and Equipment and intangible assets during the year.
(e) No proceedings have been initiated during the year 
or are pending against the Company as at March 31, 
2026 for holding any benami property under the Benami 
Transactions (Prohibition) Act, 1988 (as amended in 
2016) and rules made thereunder.
 ii. (a)  As explained to us, the physical verification of 
inventories has been conducted at reasonable 
intervals by the management during the year. 
In our opinion, the frequency of the verification 
is reasonable. The discrepancies noticed on 
verification between the physical stocks and the 
book records were not more than 10% or more in 
the aggregate of each class of inventory and have 
been properly dealt with in the books of account.
 (b)  Based  on the audit procedure and on an overall 
examination of standalone financial statements, 
we are of the opinion that the stock statements and 
quarterly returns filed by the company, in respect 
of working capital loan availed from banks, are 
in agreement with the books of account of the 
company and no material discrepancies have been 
observed.
iii. The  Company has made investments in, companies, 
firms, Limited Liability Partnerships, and granted 
unsecured loans to other parties, during the year, in 
respect of which:
(a) The  Company has not provided any loans or 
advances in the nature of loans or provided any 
security to any other entity during the year, therefore 
reporting under clause 3(iii)(a)  of the Order is not 
applicable.
(b) In our opinion, the investments made during the year 
are, prima facie, not prejudicial to the Company’s 
interest.
(c) As the company has not granted any loans or 
advances in the nature of loans to any entity during 
the year, therefore reporting under clause 3(iii)(c) to 
3(iii)(f) of the Order is not applicable.
iv.  The  Company has complied with the provisions of 
Sections 185 and 186 of the Companies Act, 2013 
in respect of loans granted, investments made and 
guarantees and securities provided, if any, as applicable.
v. The  Company has not accepted any deposit or amounts 
which are deemed to be deposits. Hence, reporting under 
clause 3(v) of the Order is not applicable.
vi. We have broadly reviewed the books of account 
maintained by the company pursuant to the rules made 
by the Central Government for the maintenance of cost 
records under section 148(1) of the Companies Act, 
2013, in respect of Company’s products to which the 
said rules are made applicable and are of the opinion 
that, prima facie, the prescribed accounts and records, 
have been made and maintained. We have, however, not 
made a detailed examination of the records.
vii.  In respect o f statutory dues:
(a) In  our  opinion,  the  Company  has  regular  in  
depositing  undisputed statutory dues, including 
Goods and Services tax, Provident Fund, 
Employees’ State Insurance, Income Tax, Cess 
and other material statutory dues applicable to it 
with the appropriate authorities except some delay 
196

--- page 200 ---
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT (Contd.)
observed in case of Tax Deducted at Source and 
Goods and Services Tax.
 The re were no undisputed amounts payable in 
respect of Goods and Service tax, Provident Fund, 
Employees’ State Insurance, Income Tax, Cess and 
other material statutory dues in arrears as at March 
31, 2026 for a period of more than six months from 
the date they became payable.
(b) According to the information and explanations 
given to us, there are no dues of provident fund, 
employees’ state insurance, income tax, custom 
duty, goods & services tax and cess which have not 
been deposited on account of any dispute except as 
below:
Name 
of the 
Statute
Nature of Dues Amount    
Rs.in 
lacs
Forum where 
dispute is 
pending
Goods & 
Services 
Tax
Demand & 
penalty raised 
on account 
of difference 
in GSTR 2A & 
GSTR-3B 
19.13 Commissioner 
Appeal CBIT & 
C, GST, Nagpur 
(MH)
Income 
Tax Act
Demand & 
interest raised 
by department 
as per section 
154 of the ACT
34.51 Rectification  
application 
going to be 
filed.
Income 
Tax Act
Demand 
appearing in 
Traces Site in 
respect of TDS 
default
0.51 Rectification 
application 
going to be 
filed.
viii. The re were no transactions relating to previously 
unrecorded income that have been surrendered 
or disclosed as income during the year in the tax 
assessments under the Income Tax Act, 1961 (43 of 
1961).
ix (a)  In our opinion and according to the information and 
explanations given to us, the company has not 
defaulted in repayment of loans or other borrowings 
or in the payment of interest thereon to any lender 
and hence reporting under clause 3(ix)(a) of the 
Order is not applicable.
 (b)  The Company has not been declared wilful defaulter 
by any bank or financial institution or government 
or any government authority.
 (c)  In our opinion and according to the information and 
explanations given to us, the Company has utilized 
the money obtained by way of term loans during the 
year for the purpose for which they were obtained.
 (d)  On an overall examination of the standalone 
financial statements of the Company, funds raised 
on short- term basis have, prima facie, not been 
used during the year for long-term purposes by the 
Company.
 (e)  On an overall examination of the standalone 
financial statements of the Company, the Company 
has not taken any funds from any entity or person 
on account of or to meet the obligations of its 
subsidiaries.
 (f)  The Company has not raised loans during the year 
on the pledge of securities held in its subsidiaries, 
joint ventures or associate companies and hence 
reporting on clause 3(ix)(f) of the Order is not 
applicable.
x. (a)  The Company has not raised moneys by way of 
initial public offer or further public offer (including 
debt instruments) during the year and hence 
reporting under clause 3(x)(a) of the Order is not 
applicable.
 (b)  During  the year, the Company has not made any 
preferential allotment or private placement of 
shares or convertible debentures (fully or partly or 
optionally) and hence reporting under clause 3(x)(b) 
of the Order is not applicable.
xi. (a)  No fraud by the Company and no material fraud on 
the Company has been noticed or reported during 
the year.
 (b)  No report under sub-section (12) of section 143 of 
the Companies Act has been filed in Form ADT-4 as 
prescribed under rule 13 of Companies (Audit and 
Auditors) Rules, 2014 with the Central Government, 
during the year and upto the date of this report.
 (c)  Accord ing to the information, explanations and 
representation made to us, no whistle blower 
complaints received by the Company during the 
year and upto the date of this report, and hence 
reporting under clause 3(xi)(c) of the Order is not 
applicable.
xii.  The  Company is not a Nidhi Company and hence 
reporting under clause (xii) of the Order is not applicable.
xiii.  In our opinion, the Company is in compliance with Section 
177 and 188 of the Companies Act, 2013 with respect to 
applicable transactions with the related parties and the 
details of related party transactions have been disclosed 
Financial Statements Statutory Reports Corporate Overview
Manorama Industries Limited
Annual Report 2025-26
197

--- page 201 ---
in the standalone financial statements as required by the 
applicable Indian accounting standards.
xiv. (a)  In our opinion the Company has an adequate 
internal audit system commensurate with the  size 
and the nature of its business.
 (b)  We have considered, the internal audit reports for 
the year under audit, issued to the Company during 
the year and till date, in determining the nature, 
timing and extent of our audit procedures.
xv.      In our opinion during the year the Company has not 
entered into any non-cash transactions with its Directors 
or persons connected with its directors. and hence 
provisions of section 192 of the Companies Act, 2013 
are not applicable to the Company.
xvi. (a)  In our opinion, the Company is not required to be 
registered under section 45-IA of the Reserve Bank 
of India Act, 1934. Hence, reporting under clause 
3(xvi)(a), (b) and (c) of the Order is not applicable.
 (b)  In our opinion, there is no core investment company 
within the Group (as defined in the Core Investment 
Companies (Reserve Bank) Directions, 2016) and 
accordingly reporting under clause 3(xvi)(d) of the 
Order is not applicable.
xvii. The  Company has not incurred cash losses during 
the financial year covered by our audit and during the 
immediately preceding financial year.
xviii. The re has been no resignation of the statutory auditors 
of the Company during the year.
xix. On the basis of the financial ratios, ageing and expected 
dates of realisation of financial assets and payment of 
financial liabilities, other information accompanying the 
standalone financial statements and our knowledge 
of the Board of Directors and Management plans and 
based on our examination of the evidence supporting 
the assumptions, nothing has come to our attention, 
which causes us to believe that any material uncertainty 
exists as on the date of the audit report indicating that 
Company is not capable of meeting its liabilities existing 
at the date of balance sheet as and when they fall due 
within a period of one year from the balance sheet date. 
We, however, state that this is not an assurance as to 
the future viability of the Company. We further state that 
our reporting is based on the facts up to the date of the 
audit report and we neither give any guarantee nor any 
assurance that all liabilities falling due within a period of 
one year from the balance sheet date, will get discharged 
by the Company as and when they fall due.
xx. The re are no unspent amounts towards Corporate Social 
Responsibility (CSR) in accordance with Section 135 of 
the said Act. Accordingly, reporting under clause 3(xx)(a) 
and (b) of the Order is not applicable for the year.
For Singhi & Co.
(ICAI Firm Regn.302049E)
Chartered Accountants
Sanjay Kumar Dewangan
Partner
Membership number: 409524
Raipur, 11th May, 2026
UDIN: 26409524RMZIZK5695
198

--- page 202 ---
ANNEXURE “B” TO THE INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT
(Referred to in paragraph 2(f) under ‘Report on Other Legal 
and Regulatory Requirements’ section of our report to the 
Members of Manorama Industries Limited of even date)
Report on the Internal Financial Controls Over Financial 
Reporting under Clause (i) of sub-section 3 of Section 143 
of the Companies Act, 2013 (the “Act”)
We have audited the internal financial controls over financial 
reporting of MANORAMA INDUSTRIES LIMITED (the 
“Company”) as of March 31, 2026 in conjunction with our 
audit of the standalone financial statements of the Company 
for the year ended on that date.
MANAGEMENT’S RESPONSIBILITY FOR INTERNAL 
FINANCIAL CONTROLS
The Management of the Company is responsible for 
establishing and maintaining internal financial controls based 
on the internal control over financial reporting criteria 
established by the Company considering the essential 
components of internal control stated in the Guidance 
Note on Audit of Internal Financial Controls Over Financial 
Reporting issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants 
of India (the “ICAI”). These responsibilities include the design, 
implementation and maintenance of adequate internal 
financial controls that were operating effectively for ensuring 
the orderly and efficient conduct of its business, including 
adherence to company’s policies, the safeguarding of its 
assets, the prevention and detection of frauds and errors, the 
accuracy and completeness of the accounting records, and 
the timely preparation of reliable financial information, as 
required under the Act.
AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITY
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s 
internal financial controls over financial reporting of the 
Company based on our audit. We conducted our audit in 
accordance with the Guidance Note on Audit of Internal 
Financial Controls Over Financial Reporting (the “Guidance 
Note”) issued by the ICAI and the Standards on Auditing 
prescribed under Section 143(10) of the Companies Act, 
2013, to the extent applicable to an audit of internal financial 
controls. Those Standards and the Guidance Note require that 
we comply with ethical requirements and plan and perform 
the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether 
adequate internal financial controls over financial reporting 
was established and maintained and if such controls operated 
effectively in all material respects.
Our audit involves performing procedures to obtain audit 
evidence about the adequacy of the internal financial 
controls system over financial reporting and their operating 
effectiveness. Our audit of internal financial controls over 
financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of 
internal financial controls over financial reporting, assessing 
the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and 
evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal 
control based on the assessed risk. The procedures selected 
depend on the auditor’s judgement, including the assessment 
of the risks of material misstatement of the standalone 
financial statements, whether due to fraud or error.
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained, is 
sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit 
opinion on the Company’s internal financial controls system 
over financial reporting.
MEANING OF INTERNAL FINANCIAL CONTROLS OVER 
FINANCIAL REPORTING
A company’s internal financial control over financial reporting is 
a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding 
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of 
standalone financial statements for external purposes in 
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A 
company’s internal financial control over financial reporting 
includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the 
maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately 
and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the 
assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that 
transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation 
of standalone financial statements in accordance with 
generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts 
and expenditures of the company are being made only in 
accordance with authorisations of management and directors 
of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance 
regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorised 
acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets 
that could have a material effect on the standalone financial 
statements.
INHERENT LIMITATIONS OF INTERNAL FINANCIAL 
CONTROLS OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING
Because of the inherent limitations of internal financial 
controls over financial reporting, including the possibility 
of collusion or improper management override of controls, 
material misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and 
not be detected. Also, projections of any evaluation of the 
internal financial controls over financial reporting to future 
periods are subject to the risk that the internal financial control 
over financial reporting may become inadequate because of 
changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with 
the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
OPINION
In our opinion, to the best of our information and according to 
the explanations given to us, the Company has, in all material 
respects, an adequate internal financial controls system over 
financial reporting and such    internal    financial    controls    
over    financial    reporting    were    operating    effectively as 
at March 31, 2026, based on the criteria for internal financial 
control over financial reporting established by the Company 
considering the essential components of internal control 
stated in the Guidance Note on Audit of Internal Financial 
Controls Over Financial Reporting issued by the ICAI.
For Singhi & Co.
(ICAI Firm Regn.302049E)
Chartered Accountants
Sanjay Kumar Dewangan
Partner
Membership number: 409524
Raipur, 11th May, 2026
UDIN: 26409524RMZIZK5695
Financial Statements Statutory Reports Corporate Overview
Manorama Industries Limited
Annual Report 2025-26
199

--- page 203 ---
BALANCE SHEET
AS AT 31ST MARCH, 2026
  C in Lacs 
Particulars Notes As at  
31st March, 2026
As at  
31st March, 2025
ASSETS
Non-Current Assets
(a) Property, Plant and Equipment 3  19,235.20  17,463.00 
(b) Capital work-in-progress 4.1  1,821.68  240.38 
(c) Other intangible assets 4.2  185.78  -   
(d) Intangible assets under development 4.3  -    229.87 
(e) Right-of-use assets 4.4  106.08  139.14 
(f) Financial assets
     (i)  Investments 5  1,028.49  49.89 
     (ii) Other financial assets 6  4,810.35  482.80 
(g) Other non-current assets 7  348.73  745.32 
 27,536.32  19,350.40 
Current Assets
(a) Inventories 8  71,040.28  54,904.27 
(b) Financial assets
(i)  Trade Receivables 9  5,626.69  10,172.82 
(ii) Cash and cash equivalents 10  743.08  48.58 
(iii) Bank balances other than Cash and cash equivalents mentioned above 10  8,393.39  9,569.35 
 (iv) Other financial assets 6  63.67  74.79 
(c) Other current assets 7  6,646.71  4,382.00 
 92,513.82  79,151.81 
Total Assets  120,050.14  98,502.21 
EQUITY AND LIABILITIES
Equity
(a) Equity share capital 11  1,194.17  1,191.98 
(b) Other equity 12  68,291.95  44,999.61 
 69,486.12  46,191.59 
Liabilities
Non-Current Liabilities
(a) Financial Liabilities
(i) Borrowings 13  3,281.24  4,285.39 
(ii) Lease liabilities 35  86.65  112.47 
(b) Deferred tax liabilities (Net) 14  283.58  352.57 
(c) Other non-current liabilities 15  53.17  60.50 
(d) Provisions 16  709.94  187.20 
 4,414.59  4,998.13 
Current Liabilities
(a) Financial Liabilities
     (i)   Borrowings 17  32,147.37  43,798.25 
     (ii)   Lease liabilities 35  31.73  33.46 
    (iii) Trade payables 18
          '- total outstanding dues of micro enterprises and small enterprises  8.96  64.39 
- total outstanding dues of creditors other than micro enterprises and 
small enterprises
 7,965.00  1,366.37 
    (iv)  Other Financial Liabilities 19  3,521.37  1,013.17 
(b) Other current liabilities 15  1,566.55  314.48 
(c) Provisions 16  42.39  19.02 
(d) Current tax liabilities (Net)  866.04  703.35 
 46,149.43  47,312.49 
Total Equity and Liabilities  1,20,050.14  98,502.21 
 Summary of material accounting policies 2.1
 The accompanying notes are integral part of the financial statements. 
 As per our report of even date.
 For Singhi & Co. For and on behalf of the Board of Directors of Manorama Industries Limited
 Chartered Accountants 
 (ICAI Firm Regn. No:302049E) 
Sanjay Kumar Dewangan Ashish Ramesh Saraf Ashok Jain
 Partner Managing Director CFO & Whole time director
 Membership No.: 409524 DIN-00183357 DIN-09791163
Shrey Ashish Saraf Deepak Sharma
Director Company Secretary
DIN-07907037 ACS 48707
Raipur 
 11th May, 2026
200

--- page 204 ---
 For Singhi & Co. For and on behalf of the Board of Directors of Manorama Industries Limited
 Chartered Accountants 
 (ICAI Firm Regn. No:302049E) 
Sanjay Kumar Dewangan Ashish Ramesh Saraf Ashok Jain
 Partner Managing Director CFO & Whole time director
 Membership No.: 409524 DIN-00183357 DIN-09791163
Shrey Ashish Saraf Deepak Sharma
Director Company Secretary
DIN-07907037 ACS 48707
Raipur 
 11th May, 2026
STATEMENT OF PROFIT AND LOSS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 ST MARCH, 2026
  C in Lacs 
Particulars Note 
No.
31.03.2026 31.03.2025
INCOME
Revenue from operations 20  1,35,769.73  77,084.19 
Other income 21  1,135.52  1,856.34 
Total Revenue  1,36,905.25  78,940.53 
EXPENDITURE
Cost of materials consumed 22  88,594.91  37,352.20 
Changes in inventories of finished goods, by-product and stock-in-trade 23  (14,298.87)  2,415.36 
Employee benefits expense 24  6,130.52  4,792.13 
Finance costs 25  3,754.87  3,916.43 
Depreciation and amortization expense 26  2,555.76  2,212.39 
Other expenses 27  18,572.17  13,419.17 
Total Expenses  1,05,309.35  64,107.66 
Profit before tax  31,595.90  14,832.87 
Tax expense:
Current Tax  8,283.19  3,701.67 
Deferred Tax  (9.26)  (73.81)
Total income tax expense  8,273.93  3,627.86 
Profit (Loss) for the period  23,321.97  11,205.01 
Other Comprehensive Income
Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss
Re-measurement gain/(loss) on defined benefit plans, Gross  (237.28)  (14.65)
Income tax relating to items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss  59.72  3.69 
Total Other Comprehensive Income (Net of Tax)  (177.56)  (10.96)
Total Comprehensive Income for the Period  23,144.41  11,194.05 
Earnings per equity share [nominal value of share @C 2/- (31st March, 2025 C 2/-) 28
 Basic (in C)  39.06  18.80 
 Diluted (in C)  39.05  18.73 
 Summary of material accounting policies 2.1
The accompanying notes are integral part of the financial statements. 
As per our report of even date.
Financial Statements Statutory Reports Corporate Overview
Manorama Industries Limited
Annual Report 2025-26
201

--- page 205 ---
CASH FLOW STATEMENT
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 ST MARCH, 2026
   C in Lacs 
Particulars Note No. 31.03.2026 31.03.2025
Cash Flow From Operating Activities
Profit before tax and prior period items  31,595.90  14,832.87 
Adjustments for :
Depreciation  2,555.76  2,212.39 
Finance cost  3,754.87  3,916.43 
Provision for employee benefits  308.84  71.65 
Provision/Allowances for credit loss on debtors  12.46  (26.26)
Provision for employee stock option  235.24  1,535.13 
Profit on sale of property, plant and equipment  (33.80)  (9.40)
Interest income  (756.58)  (745.08)
Operating Profit Before Working Capital Changes 37,672.68 21,787.72
Adjustments for :
(Increase)/decrease in inventories  (16,136.01)  (15,981.21)
(Increase)/decrease in trade receivables  4,533.67  (5,964.50)
(Increase)/decrease in Other current assets  (2,264.71)  (897.21)
(Increase)/decrease in Other Non Current assets  (37.75)  (15.20)
(Increase)/decrease in Other financial assets  (1.86)  107.26 
(Increase)/decrease in Trade payables  6,543.21  (2,582.83)
Increase/(decrease) in Other Financial Liabilities  2,503.40  444.48 
Increase/(decrease) in other liabilities & provisions  1,244.74  173.23 
Cash generated from operations  34,057.36  (2,928.26)
Taxes Paid (net of refund)  (8,120.49)  (2,944.88)
Net Cash Flow From/ (Used In) Operating Activities (A)  25,936.87  (5,873.14)
Cash Flow From / (Used In) Investing Activities
Purchase of property, plant and equipment (including capital work in 
progress and capital advances)
 (5,407.46)  (3,168.05)
Proceeds from disposal of property, plant & equipment  43.48  14.70 
Purchase of non-current investments  (978.61)  (49.89)
Deposit with bank with maturity for more than three months  (3,137.43)  (940.04)
Interest received  755.49  744.12 
Net Cash  Flow From / (Used In) Investing Activities (B)  (8,724.53)  (3,399.16)
Cash Flow From / (Used In) Financing Activities
Proceeds from issue of share capital including premium (net)  272.57  -   
Proceeds from Long term borrowings  250.00  364.12 
Repayment of long-term borrowings  (1,254.15)  (1,161.76)
Proceeds/(Repayment) from/of Short term borrowings (net)  (11,650.88)  14,233.37 
Dividends paid on equity shares  (357.68)  (238.40)
Finance Cost  (3,738.40)  (3,888.17)
Payment of principal portion of lease liabilities  (39.30)  (29.93)
Net Cash Flow From / (Used In)  Financing Activities (C)  (16,517.84)  9,279.25 
Net Increase / (Decrease) In Cash And Cash Equivalents (A+B+C)  694.50  6.95 
Opening Cash And Cash Equivalents  48.58  41.63 
Closing Cash And Cash Equivalents  743.08  48.58 
202

--- page 206 ---
Notes to the cash flow statement
1. Cash and cash equivalents consist of cash on hand and balances with banks. Cash and cash equivalents included in the cash 
flow statement comprise of the following Balance Sheet items.
  C in Lacs 
Particulars 31.03.2026 31.03.2025
Cash In Hand  6.12  22.65 
Balance with Banks 
- in current accounts  98.41  25.93 
- in cash credit/OD accounts  638.55  -   
 743.08  48.58 
2. The  above Cash Flow Statement has been prepared under the “Indirect Method” as set out in the Indian Accounting Standard 
(Ind AS - 7) - Statement of Cash Flow.  
3.  Reconciliati on between opening & closing balances in the Balance Sheet for liabilities arising from financial activities due to 
cash flows and non-cash flow changes. 
Particulars As at 
01.04.2025
Cash flow Non Cash 
changes
 As at 
31.03.2026Proceeds Repayments
Long-Term Borrowings               4,285.39  250.00  (1,254.15)  -    3,281.24 
Short-Term Borrowings    43,798.25  (11,650.88)  -    -    32,147.37 
Lease Liabilities  145.93  -    (39.30)  11.75  118.38 
Total  48,229.57  (11,400.88)  (1,293.45)  11.75  35,546.99 
4. Figu res in the bracket represents cash outflow.  
 As per our report of even date. 
CASH FLOW STATEMENT
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 ST MARCH, 2026 ( Cont’d.)
 For Singhi & Co. For and on behalf of the Board of Directors of Manorama Industries Limited
 Chartered Accountants 
 (ICAI Firm Regn. No:302049E) 
Sanjay Kumar Dewangan Ashish Ramesh Saraf Ashok Jain
 Partner Managing Director CFO & Whole time director
 Membership No.: 409524 DIN-00183357 DIN-09791163
Shrey Ashish Saraf Deepak Sharma
Director Company Secretary
DIN-07907037 ACS 48707
Raipur 
 11th May, 2026
Financial Statements Statutory Reports Corporate Overview
Manorama Industries Limited
Annual Report 2025-26
203

--- page 207 ---
Equity Share Capital
 C in Lacs 
Particulars Balance as at 
01.04.2024
Changes in Equity 
Share Capital due to 
prior period errors
Restated balance at 
the beginning of the 
respective reporting 
periods
Changes in the 
equity share 
capital during 
the year
Balance as at 
31.03.2025
Equity Share Capital  1,191.98  -    -    -    1,191.98 
C in Lacs 
Particulars Balance as at 
01.04.2025
Changes in Equity 
Share Capital due to 
prior period errors
Restated balance at 
the beginning of the 
respective reporting 
periods
Changes in the 
equity share 
capital during 
the year
Balance as at 
31.03.2026
Equity Share Capital  1,191.98  -    -    2.19  1,194.17 
Other Equity
 C in Lacs 
Particulars Other Equity
Total Other 
Equity
Reserves and Surplus Share Based 
Payment 
Reserve
Other 
Comprehensive 
Income
Securities 
Premium
General 
Reserve
Retained 
Earnings
Balance as of  April 1, 2024  15,557.57  -    16,828.72  122.53  -    32,508.82 
Actuarial Gain/Loss on employee benefit  
(Net of Tax)
 -    -    (10.96)  -    (10.96)
Final Dividend Paid  -    -    (238.40)  -    (238.40)
For the period  -    -    -    1,535.13  -    1,535.13 
Profit/(loss) for the period  -    -    11,205.01  -    11,205.01 
Balance as on March 31, 2025  15,557.57  -    27,784.37  1,657.66  -    44,999.61 
Particulars Other Equity
Total Other 
Equity
Reserves and Surplus Share Based 
Payment 
Reserve
Other 
Comprehensive 
Income
Securities 
Premium
General 
Reserve
Retained 
Earnings
Balance as of  April 1, 2025  15,557.57  -    27,784.37  1,657.66  -    44,999.61 
Actuarial Gain/Loss on employee benefit  
(Net of Tax)
 -    -    (177.56)  -    (177.56)
On account of issue of equity shares (ESOP)  270.39  -    -    -    270.39 
Final Dividend Paid  -    -    (357.68)  -    -    (357.68)
For the period  -    -    235.24  235.24 
Transfer from Share based payment reserve  1,739.41  (1,739.41)  -   
Profit/(loss) for the period  -    23,321.97  -    23,321.97 
Balance as on March 31, 2026  15,827.96 1,739.41  50,571.09  153.49  -    68,291.95 
The accompanying notes are integral part of the financial statements.
 As per our report of even date. 
STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
 For Singhi & Co. For and on behalf of the Board of Directors of Manorama Industries Limited
 Chartered Accountants 
 (ICAI Firm Regn. No:302049E) 
Sanjay Kumar Dewangan Ashish Ramesh Saraf Ashok Jain
 Partner Managing Director CFO & Whole time director
 Membership No.: 409524 DIN-00183357 DIN-09791163
Shrey Ashish Saraf Deepak Sharma
Director Company Secretary
DIN-07907037 ACS 48707
Raipur 
 11th May, 2026
204

--- page 208 ---
NOTES TO STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 ST MARCH, 2026
1. CORPORATE INFORMATION
The Company was originally incorporated as “Manorama 
Industries Private Limited”  at Raipur, Chhattisgarh, as 
a Private Limited Company under the provisions of the 
Companies Act, 1956 vide Certificate of Incorporation 
dated 9 August 2005 bearing Corporate Identification 
Number U15142CT2005PTC17858 issued by Registrar 
of Companies, Madhya Pradesh & Chhattisgarh. 
Subsequently the Company was converted in to Public 
Limited Company pursuant to shareholders resolution 
passed at Extraordinary General Meeting of the Company 
held on 06 February 2018 and the name of the Company 
was changed to “Manorama Industries Limited” and 
a Fresh Certificate of Incorporation consequent upon 
conversion of company to Public Limited dated 23 
March 2018 was issued by Registrar of Companies, 
Maharashtra. The Corporate Identification number of the 
Company is L15142MH2005PLC243687. It’s shares are 
listed on National Stock Exchange and Bombay Stock 
Exchange in India.
The  Company is  engaged  in  manufacturing,  processing  
and exporting of specialty fats like shea butter, sal  butter, 
shea fat, sal fat, shea oil, sal oil,  shea stearine, sal stearine, 
mango butter, mango fat, mango  oil,  mango  stearine,  
kokum  butter, kokum oil, de-oiled cakes, mowrah fat and 
several value-added tailor made  products  that  form 
the ingredients of Cocoa Butter Equivalents (CBE). The 
Company manufactures, processes and exports exotic 
butter extracted from shea seeds, sal seeds, mango 
kernel, Mowrah seeds, Kokum seeds, Chiuri seeds for 
usage in Cosmetics as Specialty fats, Chocolate and 
Confectionaries industries.  
The addresses of its registered office and principal 
place of business are disclosed in the introduction to the 
annual report.
The standalone financial statements were approved for 
issue in accordance with a resolution of the directors on 
11th May 2026.
2. MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES
 Basis of preparation of standalone financial statements
The standalone financial statements are prepared in 
accordance with Indian Accounting Standards (Ind 
AS) notified under the Companies (Indian Accounting 
Standards) Rules,2015 (as amended from time to time) 
and  presentation requirements of Division II of Schedule 
III to the Companies Act, 2013, (Ind AS compliant 
Schedule III). 
The standalone financial statements have been prepared 
on a historical cost basis, except for the following assets 
and liabilities which have been measured at fair value:
- Defined benefit plans - plan assets
Company’s standalone financial statements are 
presented in Indian Rupees (C), which is also its functional 
currency and is rounded off to nearest C in lacs.
The Company has prepared the financial statements 
on the basis that it will continue to operate as a going 
concern.
2.1 SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES
a) Cur rent–non-current classification  
All assets and liabilities have been classified as current 
or non-current as per the Company’s normal operating 
cycle and other criteria set out in the Schedule III 
to the Companies Act, 2013. Based on the nature 
of manufacturing activity and the time between the 
acquisition of assets for processing and their realization 
in cash and cash equivalents, the Company has 
ascertained its operating cycle for the purpose of current 
– non current classification of assets and liabilities as 12 
months for its products.     
All assets and liabilities are classified into current and 
non-current.     
Assets     
An asset is classified as current when it satisfies any of 
the following criteria:     
(a)  it is expected to be realised in, or is intended for sale 
or consumption in, the company’s normal operating 
cycle;     
(b)  it is held pri marily for the purpose of being traded;     
(c)  it is expecte d to be realised within 12 months after 
the reporting date; or     
(d)  it is cash or cash equivalent unless it is restricted 
from being exchanged or used to settle a liability for 
at least 12 months after the reporting date.     
Current assets include the current portion of non-current 
financial assets.     
 All other assets are classified as non-current.     
Financial Statements Statutory Reports Corporate Overview
Manorama Industries Limited
Annual Report 2025-26
205

--- page 209 ---
Liabilities     
A liability is classified as current when it satisfies any of 
the following criteria:     
(a)  it is expecte d to be settled in the company’s normal 
operating cycle;     
(b)  it is held pri marily for the purpose of being traded;     
(c)  it is due to be settled within 12 months after the 
reporting date; or     
(d)  the  company does not have an unconditional right 
to defer settlement of the liability for at least 12 
months after the reporting date. Terms of a liability 
that could, at the option of the counterparty, result 
in its settlement by the issue of equity  instruments 
do not affect its classification.     
Current liabilities include current portion of non-current 
financial liabilities.    
All other liabilities are classified as non-current.           
b) F air Value Measurement
Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an 
asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction 
between market participants at the measurement date. 
Normally at initial recognition, the transaction price is the 
best evidence of fair value.
However, when the Company determines that 
transaction price does not represent the fair value, it 
uses inter-alia valuation techniques that are appropriate 
in the circumstances and for which sufficient data are 
available to measure fair value, maximising the use of 
relevant observable inputs and minimising the use of 
unobservable inputs.
All financial assets and financial liabilities for which fair 
value is measured or disclosed in the financial statements 
are categorised within the fair value hierarchy. This 
categorisation is based on the lowest level input that is 
significant to the fair value measurement as a whole:
Level 1 - Quoted (unadjusted) market prices in active 
markets for identical assets or liabilities
Level 2 - Valuation techniques for which the lowest level 
input that is significant to the fair value measurement is 
directly or indirectly observable
Level 3 - Valuation techniques for which the lowest level 
input that is significant to the fair value measurement is 
unobservable
Financial assets and financial liabilities that are 
recognised at fair value on a recurring basis, the Company 
determines whether transfers have occurred between 
levels in the hierarchy by re- assessing categorisation at 
the end of each reporting period.
c) Pr operty, Plant and Equipment (PPE)
On transition to Ind AS, the Company has elected to 
continue with the carrying value of all of its property, plant 
and equipment recognised as at April 1, 2020, measured 
as per the previous GAAP, and use that carrying value as 
the deemed cost of such property, plant and equipment.
An item of PPE is recognized as an asset if it is probable 
that future economic benefits associated with the item 
will flow to the Company and the cost of the item can be 
measured reliably.
The cost of an item of property, plant and equipment is 
measured at :
- its purchase price, including import duties and non-
refundable purchase taxes, after deducting trade 
discounts and rebates.
-  any  costs directly attributable to bringing the asset 
to the location and condition necessary for it to be 
capable of operating in the manner intended by 
management.
-  the  initial estimate of the costs of dismantling 
and removing the item and restoring the site on 
which it is located, the obligation which is to be 
incurred either when the item is acquired or as 
a consequence of having used the item during a 
particular period for purposes other than to produce 
inventories during that period.
-  Expenditure  incurred on renovation and 
modernization of PPE on completion of the 
originally estimated useful life resulting in increased 
life and/or efficiency of an existing asset, is added 
to the cost of the related asset. In the carrying 
amount of an item of PPE, the cost of replacing the 
part of such an item is recognized when that cost 
is incurred if the recognition criteria are met. The 
carrying amount of those parts that are replaced is 
derecognized in accordance with the derecognition 
principles.
- After initial recognition, PPE  is carried at cost 
less accumulated depreciation/amortization and 
accumulated impairment losses, if any.
NOTES TO STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 ST MARCH, 2026 (Contd.)
206

--- page 210 ---
- Spa re parts procured along with the Plant & 
Machinery or subsequently which meet the 
recognition criteria are capitalized and added in 
the carrying amount of such item. The carrying 
amount of those spare parts that are replaced is 
derecognized when no future economic benefits 
are expected from their use or upon disposal. Other 
machinery spares are treated as “stores & spares” 
forming part of the inventory.
-  If th e cost of the replaced part or earlier inspection 
is not available, the estimated cost of similar new 
parts/ inspection is used as an indication of what 
the cost of the existing part/ inspection component 
was when the item was acquired or inspection 
carried out.
- An item of property, plant and equipment is 
derecognized upon disposal or when no future 
economic benefits are expected from its use or 
disposal. Any gain or loss arising on derecognition 
of the asset (calculated as the difference between 
the net disposal proceeds and the carrying amount 
of the asset) is included in the Statement of Profit 
and Loss when the asset is derecognized.
d) Cap ital work in progress
Expenditure incurred on assets under construction 
(including a project) is carried at cost under Capital Work 
in Progress. Such costs comprises purchase price of 
asset including import duties and non-refundable taxes 
after deducting trade discounts and rebates and costs 
that are directly attributable to bringing the asset to the 
location and condition necessary for it to be capable of 
operating in the manner intended by management.
Cost directly attributable to projects under construction 
include costs of employee benefits, expenditure in 
relation to survey and investigation activities of the 
projects, cost of site preparation, initial delivery and 
handling charges, installation and assembly costs, 
professional fees, expenditure on maintenance and up-
gradation etc. of common public facilities, depreciation 
on assets used in construction of project, interest 
during construction and other costs if attributable to 
construction of projects. Such costs are accumulated 
under “Capital works in progress” and subsequently 
allocated on systematic basis over major assets, other 
than land and infrastructure facilities, on commissioning 
of projects.
Capital Expenditure incurred for creation of facilities, 
over which the Company does not have control but the 
creation of which is essential principally for construction 
of the project is capitalized and carried under “Capital 
work in progress” and subsequently allocated on  
systematic basis over major assets, other than land and 
infrastructure facilities, on commissioning of projects, 
keeping in view the “attributability” and the “Unit of 
Measure” concepts in Ind AS 16- “Property, Plant & 
Equipment”. Expenditure of such nature incurred after 
completion of the project, is charged to Statement of 
Profit and Loss.
e) Inta ngible Assets
Intangible assets acquired separately are measured 
on initial recognition at cost. After initial recognition, 
intangible assets are carried at cost less any accumulated 
amortisation and accumulated impairment losses.
Software (not being an integral part of the related 
hardware) acquired for internal use, is stated at cost 
of acquisition less accumulated amortisation and 
impairment losses, if any.
An item of Intangible asset is derecognised upon 
disposal or when no future economic benefits are 
expected from its use or disposal. Gains or losses arising 
from derecognition of an intangible asset are measured 
as the difference between the net disposal proceeds and 
the carrying amount of the asset and are recognised 
in the Statement of Profit and Loss when the asset is  
derecognised.
f) Leases
The Company assesses at contract inception whether a 
contract is or contains a lease. That is, if the contract 
conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset 
for a period of time in exchange for consideration.
Company as a Leasee
The Company applies a single recognition and 
measurement approach for all leases, except for 
short-term leases and leases of low-value assets. The 
Company recognises lease liabilities to make lease 
payments and right-of-use assets representing the right 
to use the underlying assets.
- Right-of-use assets
The Company recognises right-of-use assets at the 
commencement date of the lease (i.e., the date the 
underlying asset is available for use). Right-of-use 
NOTES TO STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 ST MARCH, 2026 (Contd.)
Financial Statements Statutory Reports Corporate Overview
Manorama Industries Limited
Annual Report 2025-26
207

--- page 211 ---
assets are measured at cost, less any accumulated 
depreciation and impairment losses, and adjusted for 
any remeasurement of lease liabilities. The cost of right-
of-use assets includes the amount of lease liabilities 
recognised, initial direct costs incurred, and lease 
payments made at or before the commencement date 
less any lease incentives received. Right-of-use assets 
are depreciated on a straight-line basis over the shorter 
of the lease term and the estimated useful lives of the 
assets, as follows:
- Lease hold properties - 5 years
If ownership of the leased asset transfers to the Company 
at the end of the lease term or the cost reflects the 
exercise of a purchase option, depreciation is calculated 
using the estimated useful life of the asset.
- Lease liabilities
At the commencement date of the lease, the Company 
recognises lease liabilities measured at the present 
value of lease payments to be made over the lease term. 
The lease payments include fixed payments (including 
in substance fixed payments) less any lease incentives 
receivable, variable lease payments that depend on 
an index or a rate, and amounts expected to be paid 
under residual value guarantees. The lease payments 
also include the exercise price of a purchase option 
reasonably certain to be exercised by the Company and 
payments of penalties for terminating the lease, if the 
lease term reflects the Company exercising the option to 
terminate. Variable lease payments that do not depend 
on an index or a rate are recognised as expenses (unless 
they are incurred to produce inventories) in the period in 
which the event or condition that triggers the payment 
occurs.
In calculating the present value of lease payments, 
the Company uses its incremental borrowing rate at 
the lease commencement date because the interest 
rate implicit in the lease is not readily determinable. 
After the commencement date, the amount of lease 
liabilities is increased to reflect the accretion of interest 
and reduced for the lease payments made. In addition, 
the carrying amount of lease liabilities is remeasured 
if there is a modification, a change in the lease term, a 
change in the lease payments (e.g., changes to future 
payments resulting from a change in an index or rate 
used to determine such lease payments) or a change in 
the assessment of an option to purchase the underlying 
asset.
- Short-term leases and leases of low-value assets
The Company applies the short-term lease recognition 
exemption to its short-term leases of machinery and 
equipment (i.e., those leases that have a lease term of 
12 months or less from the commencement date and do 
not contain a purchase option). It also applies the lease 
of low-value assets recognition exemption to leases of 
office equipment that are considered to be low value. 
Lease payments on short-term leases and leases of low-
value assets are recognised as expense on a straight-
line basis over the lease term.
g) Re venue recognition
A.  Sale of Goods
The Company recognises revenue when control over 
the promised goods or services is transferred to the 
customer at an amount that reflects the consideration 
to which the Company expects to be entitled in 
exchange for those goods or services. The Company 
has generally concluded that it is the principal in its 
revenue arrangements as it typically controls the goods 
or services before transferring them to the customer.
Revenue is adjusted for variable consideration such as 
discounts, rebates, refunds, credits, price concessions, 
incentives, or other similar items in a contract when 
they are highly probable to be provided. The amount 
of revenue excludes any amount collected on behalf of 
third parties.
The Company recognises revenue generally at the point 
in time when the products are delivered to customer or 
when it is delivered to a carrier for export sale, which 
is when the control over product is transferred to the 
customer. 
Revenue from sale of by products are included in revenue.
Contract Balances
Contract Assets:
A contract asset is the right to consideration in exchange 
for goods or services transferred to the customer. If the 
Company performs by transferring goods or services to 
a customer before the customer pays consideration or 
before payment is due, a contract asset is recognised for 
the earned consideration.
Trade Receivables:
A receivable is recognised when the goods are delivered 
and to the extent that it has an unconditional contractual 
NOTES TO STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 ST MARCH, 2026 (Contd.)
208

--- page 212 ---
right to receive cash or other financial assets (i.e., only 
the passage of time is required before payment of the 
consideration is due).
Contract Liabilities:
A contract liability is the obligation to transfer goods 
or services to a customer for which the Company has 
received consideration (or an amount of consideration is 
due) from the customer. If a customer pays consideration 
before the Company transfers goods or services to the 
customer, a contract liability is recognised when the 
payment is made or the payment is due (whichever is 
earlier). Contract liabilities are recognised as revenue 
when the Company performs under the contract 
including Advance received from Customer.
Refund Liabilities:
A refund liability is the obligation to refund some or all 
of the consideration received (or receivable) from the 
customer and is measured at the amount the Company 
ultimately expects it will have to return to the customer 
including volume rebates and discounts. The Company 
updates its estimates of refund liabilities at the end of 
each reporting period.
B. Exports Benefits:
Benefits arises on exports of goods like export incentives 
are recognized on accrual basis when exports sales are 
recognized.
C. Interest Income
Interest income from a financial asset is recognised 
when it is probable that the economic benefits will flow 
to the Company and the amount of income can be 
measured reliably. Interest income is accrued on a time 
basis, by reference to the principal outstanding and at 
the effective interest rate applicable, which is the rate 
that exactly discounts estimated future cash receipts 
through the expected life of the financial asset to that 
asset’s net carrying amount on initial recognition.
h) Depr eciation on Property, Plant & Equipment and 
Amortization of Intangible Assets
Depreciation on Property, Plant & Equipment is provided 
on Written Down Value Method based on estimated 
useful life of the assets which is same as envisaged in 
schedule II of the Companies Act, 2013.
Depreciation on additions to /deductions from Property, 
Plant & Equipment during the year is charged on pro-
rata basis from / up to the date on which the asset is 
available for use / disposal.
The residual values, useful lives and method of 
depreciation of property, plant and equipment is reviewed 
at each financial year end and adjusted prospectively, if 
appropriate.
Where the life and / or efficiency of an asset is increased 
due to renovation and modernization, the expenditure 
thereon along with its unamortized depreciable amount 
is charged prospectively over the revised / remaining 
useful life determined by technical assessment.
Spares parts procured along with the Plant & Machinery 
or subsequently which are  capitalized and added in the 
carrying amount of such item are depreciated over the 
residual useful life of the related plant and machinery or 
their useful life whichever is lower.
Other Intangible assets i.e. Computer Softwares are 
amortized on a straight line basis over technically useful 
life i.e. 5 years. 
i) Inv entories  
Inventories are valued at lower of cost and net realizable 
value, after providing for obsolences, if any.
Cost of stores & consumables and chemicals are 
computed on FIFO basis and cost of Raw Materials, 
Finished Goods & Goods in Process are computed on 
Weighted average basis.
Cost of Work in Progress and Finished Goods includes 
direct materials, labour, conversion and proportion 
of manufacturing overheads incurred in bringing the 
inventories to their present location and condition.
The  cost is determined using weighted average cost 
formula and net realizable value is the estimated 
selling price in the ordinary course of business, less the 
estimated costs necessary to make the sale.
The by-products are valued at net realizable value.
j) Bor rowing Cost 
Borrowing costs directly attributable to the acquisition, 
construction or production of an asset that necessarily 
takes a substantial period of time to get ready for its 
intended use or sale are capitalised as part of the cost 
of the asset. All other borrowing costs are expensed in 
the period in which they occur. Borrowing costs consist 
of interest and other costs that the company incurs in 
NOTES TO STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 ST MARCH, 2026 (Contd.)
Financial Statements Statutory Reports Corporate Overview
Manorama Industries Limited
Annual Report 2025-26
209

--- page 213 ---
connection with the borrowing of funds. Borrowing 
cost also includes exchange differences to the extent 
regarded as an adjustment to the borrowing costs.
k) Income T axes
Income tax expense represents the sum of current and 
deferred tax. Tax is recognised in the Statement of Profit 
and Loss, except to the extent that it relates to items 
recognised directly in equity or other comprehensive 
income. In which case the tax is also recognised directly 
in equity or in other comprehensive income.
Current tax
Current tax assets and liabilities are measured at the 
amount  expected to be recovered from or paid to the 
taxation authorities, based on tax rates and laws that are 
enacted or substantively enacted at the Balance sheet 
date.
Deferred tax
Deferred tax is recognised on temporary differences 
between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities 
in the financial statements and the corresponding tax 
bases used in the computation of taxable profit.
Deferred tax liabilities and assets are measured at the 
tax rates that are expected to apply in the period in 
which the liability is settled or the asset realised, based 
on tax rates (and tax laws) that have been enacted or 
substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period. 
The carrying amount  of Deferred tax liabilities and 
assets are reviewed at the end of each reporting period.
l) F oreign Currency Transactions
Transactions in foreign currency are initially recorded at 
exchange rate prevailing on the date of transaction. At 
each Balance Sheet date, monetary items denominated 
in foreign currency are translated at the exchange rates 
prevailing on that date.
Exchange differences arising on translation or settlement 
of monetary items are recognised as income or expenses 
in the period in which they arise in the Statement of Profit 
and loss. 
m) Emplo yee Benefits Expense
Short Term Employee Benefits
The undiscounted amount  of short term employee 
benefits expected to be paid in exchange for the services 
rendered by employees are recognised as an expense 
during the period when the employees render the 
services.
Post-Employment Benefits
Defined Contribution Plans
A defined contribution plan is a post-employment 
benefit plan under which the Company pays specified 
contributions to a separate entity. The Company makes 
specified monthly contributions towards Provident 
Fund and Contributory Pension Fund. The Company’s 
contribution is recognised as an expense in the 
Statement of Profit and Loss during the period in which 
the employee renders the related service.
Defined Benefits Plans
The cost of the defined benefit plan and other post-
employment benefits and the present value of such 
obligation are determined using actuarial valuations. An 
actuarial valuation involves making various assumptions 
that may differ from actual developments in the future. 
These include the determination of the discount rate, 
future salary increases, mortality rates and future 
pension increases. Due to the complexities involved 
in the valuation and its long-term nature, a defined 
benefit obligation is highly sensitive to changes in these 
assumptions. All assumptions are reviewed at each 
reporting date.
The company has recognized the gratuity payable to the 
employees as per the Payment of Gratuity Act,1972 and 
Leave Encashment Benefits as defined benefit plans. 
The liability in respect of these benefits is calculated 
using the Projected Unit Credit Method and spread over 
the period during which the benefit is expected to be 
derived from employees’ services.
Re-measurement of defined benefit plans in respect of 
post-employment are charged to the Other Comprehensive  
Income.
n) Pr ovisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent 
Assets
Provisions are recognised when the Company has a 
present legal or constructive obligation as a result of a 
past event and it is probable that an outflow of resources 
embodying economic benefits will be required to settle 
the obligation and a reliable estimate can be made of the 
amount of the obligation. Such provisions are determined 
based on management estimate of the amount required 
to settle the obligation at the balance sheet date. When 
NOTES TO STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 ST MARCH, 2026 (Contd.)
210

--- page 214 ---
the Company expects some or all of a provision to be 
reimbursed, the reimbursement is recognised as a 
standalone asset only when the reimbursement is 
virtually certain.
If the effect of the time value of money is material, 
provisions are discounted using a current pre-tax rate 
that reflects when appropriate, the risks specific to the 
liability. When discounting is used, the increase in the 
provision due to the passage of time is recognised as a 
finance cost.
Contingent liabilities are disclosed on the basis of 
judgment of management. These are reviewed at each 
balance sheet date and are adjusted to reflect the current 
management estimate.
Contingent assets are not recognized but are disclosed 
in the financial statements when inflow of economic 
benefits is probable.
o) Imp airment of non-financial assets - property, plant 
and equipment
The Company assesses at each reporting date as to 
whether there is any indication that any property, plant 
and equipment or group of assets, called cash generating 
units (CGU) may be impaired. If any such indication exists 
the recoverable amount  of an asset or CGU is estimated 
to determine the extent of impairment, if any. When it is 
not possible to estimate the recoverable amount  of an 
individual asset, the Company estimates the recoverable 
amount  of the CGU to which the asset belongs.
An impairment loss is recognised in the Statement of 
Profit and Loss to the extent, asset’s carrying amount  
exceeds its recoverable amount. The recoverable amount 
is higher of an asset’s fair value less cost of disposal 
and value in use. Value in use is based on the estimated 
future cash flows, discounted to their present  value 
using pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market 
assessments of the time value of money and risk specific 
to the assets.
The impairment loss recognised in prior accounting 
period is reversed if there has been a change in the 
estimate of recoverable amount.
p) Sha re capital and share premium
Ordinary shares are classified as equity. Incremental 
costs directly attributable to the issue of new shares 
are shown in equity as a deduction, net of tax, from the 
proceeds.
Par value of the equity share is recorded as share capital 
and the amount received in excess of the par value is 
classified as share premium.
q) Fin ancial Instruments
 Financial Assets
 Init ial recognition and measurement
All financial assets and liabilities are initially recognized at 
fair value. Transaction costs that are directly attributable 
to the acquisition or issue of financial assets and financial 
liabilities, which are not at fair value through  profit or 
loss, are adjusted to the fair value on initial recognition. 
Purchase and sale of financial assets are recognised 
using trade date accounting.
Subsequent measurement
Financial assets carried at amortised cost 
A financial asset is measured at amortised cost if it is 
held within a business model whose objective is to hold 
the asset in order to collect contractual cash flows and 
the contractual terms of the financial asset give rise on 
specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments  
of principal and interest on the principal amount  
outstanding.
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive  
income (FVTOCI)
A financial asset is measured at FVTOCI if it is held within 
a business model whose objective is achieved by both 
collecting contractual cash flows and selling financial 
assets and the contractual terms of the financial asset 
give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely 
payments  of principal and interest on the principal 
amount  outstanding.
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss (FVTPL)
A financial asset which is not classified in any of the 
above categories are measured at FVTPL.
Investments in subsidiaries
The Company has accounted for its investments in 
subsidiaries at cost.
Impairment of financial assets
In accordance  with Ind AS 109, the Company uses 
‘Expected Credit Loss’ (ECL) model, for evaluating 
impairment of financial assets other than those 
measured at fair value through OCI.
NOTES TO STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 ST MARCH, 2026 (Contd.)
Financial Statements Statutory Reports Corporate Overview
Manorama Industries Limited
Annual Report 2025-26
211

--- page 215 ---
Expected credit losses are measured through a loss 
allowance at an amount equal to:
- The  12-months expected credit losses (expected 
credit losses that result from those default events 
on the financial instrument that are possible within 
12 months after the reporting date); or
- Full  lifetime expected credit losses (expected credit 
losses that result from all possible default events 
over the life of the financial instrument).
For trade receivables Company applies ‘simplified 
approach’ which requires expected lifetime losses to be 
recognised from initial recognition of the receivables. 
The Company uses historical default rates to determine 
impairment loss on the portfolio of trade receivables. At 
every reporting date these historical default rates are 
reviewed and changes in the forward looking estimates 
are analysed.
Financial Liabilities
Initial recognition and measurement
All financial liabilities are recognized at fair value and in 
case of loans, net of directly attributable cost. Fees of 
recurring nature are directly recognised in the Statement 
of Profit and Loss as finance cost.
Subsequent measurement
Financial liabilities are carried at amortized cost using the 
effective interest method. For trade and other payables 
maturing within one year from the balance sheet date, 
the carrying amounts approximate fair value due to the 
short maturity of these instruments.
Derecognition of financial instruments
The Company derecognizes a financial asset when the 
contractual rights to the cash flows from the financial 
asset expire or it transfers the financial asset and the 
transfer qualifies for derecognition under Ind AS 109. 
A financial liability (or a part of a financial liability) is 
derecognized from the Company’s Balance Sheet when 
the obligation specified in the contract is discharged  or 
cancelled or expires.
r) Earnings P er Share
Basic earnings per share are calculated by dividing the 
net profit or loss for the period attributable to equity 
shareholders by weighted average number of equity 
shares outstanding during the period. The weighted 
average number of equity shares outstanding during 
the period are adjusted for events of bonus issue; bonus 
element in a right issue to existing shareholders.
For the purpose of calculating diluted earnings per share, 
the net profit or loss for the year attributable to equity 
shareholders and the weighted average number of 
shares outstanding during the year are adjusted for the 
effects of all dilutive potential equity shares.
s) Go vernment Grant
Government grants are recognised initially as deferred 
income when there is reasonable assurance that they 
will be received and the company will comply with 
the conditions associated with the grant. Grants that 
compensate the company for expenses incurred are 
recognised over the period in which the related costs are 
incurred and are deducted from the related expenses. 
Grants that compensate the company for the cost of an 
asset are recognised in profit or loss on a systematic 
basis over the useful life of the related asset.
t) Div idend Distribution
Dividend distribution to the Company’s shareholders 
is recognised as a liability in the company’s financial 
statements in the period in which the dividends are 
approved by the Company’s shareholders.
u) Statement of Cash Flows
Cash and Cash equivalents
For the purpose of presentation in the statement of 
cash flows, cash and cash equivalents includes cash 
on hand, deposits held at call with financial institutions, 
other short-term, highly liquid investments with original 
maturities of three months or less that are readily 
convertible to known amounts of cash and which are 
subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value, and 
bank overdrafts. However for Balance Sheet presentation, 
Bank overdrafts are classified within borrowings in 
current liabilities.
Statement of Cash Flows is prepared in accordance with 
the Indirect Method prescribed in the relevant Accounting 
Standard.
v) Sha re-based payments
Equity-settled share-based payments to employees and 
others providing similar services are measured at the fair 
value of the equity instruments at the grant date. Details 
regarding the determination of the fair value of equity-
settled share-based transactions are set out in note 11 
NOTES TO STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 ST MARCH, 2026 (Contd.)
212

--- page 216 ---
(g).
The fair value determined at the grant date of the 
equity-settled share-based payments is expensed on 
a straight-line basis over the vesting period, based on 
the Company’s estimate of equity instruments that 
will eventually vest, with a corresponding increase in 
equity. At the end of each reporting year, the Company 
revises its estimate of the number of equity instruments 
expected to vest. The impact of the revision of the 
original estimates, if any, is recognised in Statement of 
profit and loss such that the cumulative expense reflects 
the revised estimate, with a corresponding adjustment to 
the equity-settled employee benefits reserve.
The dilutive effect of outstanding options is reflected as 
additional share dilution in the computation of diluted 
earnings per share.
2.2 KEY ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND JUDGEMENTS
The preparation of the Company’s standalone financial 
statements requires management to make judgement, 
estimates and assumptions that affect the reported 
amount of revenue, expenses, assets and liabilities and 
the accompanying disclosures. Uncertainty about these 
assumptions and estimates could result in outcomes 
that require a material adjustment to the carrying amount 
of assets or liabilities affected in future periods.
Depreciation / amortisation and useful lives of property 
plant and equipment/intangiable assets
Property, plant and equipment / intangible assets are 
depreciated / amortised over their estimated useful 
lives, after taking into account estimated residual value. 
The estimated useful lives and residual values of the 
assets are reviewed annually in order to determine the 
amount  of depreciation / amortisation  to be recorded 
during any reporting period. The useful lives and residual 
values are based on the Company’s historical experience 
with similar assets and take into account anticipated 
technological changes and other related matters. The 
depreciation / amortisation  for future periods is revised 
if there are significant changes from previous estimates.
Determining the lease term of contracts with renewal 
and termination options – Company as lessee
The Company determines the lease term as the non-
cancellable term of the lease, together with any periods 
covered by an option to extend the lease if it is reasonably 
certain to be exercised, or any periods covered by an 
option to terminate the lease, if it is reasonably certain 
not to be exercised.
The Company has only one lease contracts that include 
extension and termination options. The Company 
applies judgement in evaluating whether it is reasonably 
certain whether or not to exercise the option to renew 
or terminate the lease. That is, it considers all relevant 
factors that create an economic incentive for it to 
exercise either the renewal or termination. After the 
commencement date, the Company reassesses the 
lease term if there is a significant event or change in 
circumstances that is within its control and affects its 
ability to exercise or not to exercise the option to renew 
or to terminate.
The Company included the renewal period as part of 
the lease term for leases of properties with longer non-
cancellable periods (i.e., 5 years) are not included as part 
of the lease term as these are not reasonably certain 
to be exercised. Furthermore, the periods covered by 
termination options are included as part of the lease 
term only when they are reasonably certain not to be 
exercised.
Leases - Estimating the incremental borrowing rate
The Company cannot readily determine the interest rate 
implicit in the lease, therefore, it uses its incremental 
borrowing rate (IBR) to measure lease liabilities. The 
IBR is the rate of interest that the Company would 
have to pay to borrow over a similar term, and with a 
similar security, the funds necessary to obtain an asset 
of a similar value to the right-of-use asset in a similar 
economic environment. The IBR therefore reflects 
what the Company ‘would have to pay’, which requires 
estimation when no observable rates are available. The 
Company estimates the IBR using observable inputs 
(such as market interest rates) when available and is 
required to make certain entity-specific estimates.
Amortization of leasehold land
The Company’s lease asset classes primarily consist 
of leases for industrial land. The lease premium is the 
fair value of land paid by the Company to the state 
government at the time of acquisition and there is no 
liability at the end of lease term. The lease premium 
paid by the company has been amortized over the lease 
period on a systematic basis and classified under Ind 
AS 16 and therefore, the requirements of both Ind AS 
116 and Ind AS 17 as to the period over which, and the 
NOTES TO STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 ST MARCH, 2026 (Contd.)
Financial Statements Statutory Reports Corporate Overview
Manorama Industries Limited
Annual Report 2025-26
213

--- page 217 ---
manner in which, the right of use asset (under Ind AS 
116) or the asset arising from the finance lease (under 
Ind AS 17) amortized are similar.
Recoverability of trade receivable
Judgements are required in assessing the recoverability 
of overdue trade receivables and determining whether a 
provision against those receivables is required. Factors 
considered  include the period of overdues, the amount  
and timing of anticipated future payments and the 
probability of default.
Provisions
Provisions and liabilities are recognized in the period 
when it becomes  probable  that there will be a future 
outflow of resources resulting from past operations or 
events and the amount  of cash outflow can be reliably 
estimated. The timing of recognition and quantification 
of the liability requires the application of judgement to 
existing facts and circumstances. The carrying amounts 
of provisions and liabilities are reviewed regularly 
and revised to take account of changing facts and 
circumstances.
Impairment of non-financial assets
The Company assesses at each reporting date whether 
there is an indication that an asset may be impaired. If 
any indication exists, the Company estimates the asset’s 
recoverable amount. An asset’s recoverable amount  is 
the higher of an asset’s or Cash Generating Units (CGU’s) 
fair value less costs of disposal and its value in use. It is 
determined for an individual asset, unless the asset does 
not generate cash inflows that are largely independent 
of those from other assets or a groups of assets. Where 
the carrying amount  of an asset or CGU exceeds its 
recoverable amount, the asset is considered  impaired 
and is written down to its recoverable amount.
In assessing value in use, the estimated future cash 
flows are discounted to their present  value using pre-tax 
discount rate that reflects current market assessments 
of the time value of money and the risks specific to the 
asset. In determining fair value less costs of disposal, 
recent market transactions  are taken into account, if 
no such transactions  can be identified, an appropriate 
valuation model is used.
Measurement of defined benefit obligations
The measurement of defined benefit and other post-
employment benefits obligations are determined using 
actuarial valuations. An actuarial valuation involves 
making various assumptions that may differ from 
actual developments in the future. These include 
the determination of the discount rate, future salary 
increases, mortality rates and future pension increases. 
Due to the complexities involved in the valuation and 
its long-term nature, a defined benefit obligation is 
highly sensitive to changes in these assumptions. All 
assumptions are reviewed at each reporting date.
2.3 NEW AND AMENDED STANDARDS 
The company has not early adopted any standards, 
amendments that have been issued but are not yet 
effective/notified.
NOTES TO STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 ST MARCH, 2026 (Contd.)
214

--- page 218 ---
3  PROPER TY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
 C in lacs
Particulars Freehold 
Land
Leasehold 
land
Factory 
shed and 
building
Plant and 
Equipment
Office 
equipment
Furnitures 
and 
Fixtures
Computers Vehicles Total
Carrying Value
 As on 1 April 2024  780.23  11.23  1,165.04  13,669.98  173.75  221.02  106.58  810.96  16,938.78 
 Addition  123.95  -    61.96  5,698.21  56.98  17.45  39.77  723.45  6,721.77 
 Deletions  -    -    -    -    -    -    -    63.05  63.05 
 As on 31 March 2025  904.18  11.23  1,227.01  19,368.19  230.73  238.47  146.34  1,471.35  23,597.50 
 Addition  1,960.50  -    248.56  1,365.63  92.47  30.25  27.65  484.54  4,209.58 
 Deletions  -    -    -    -    -    -    -    133.41  133.41 
 As at 31 March 2026 2,864.68  11.23  1,475.56  20,733.82  323.20  268.72  173.99  1,822.48  27,673.67 
 Accumulated Depreciation 
 As on 1 April 2024  -    0.23  281.11  3,150.53  97.73  99.13  82.71  294.59  4,006.04 
 For the year  -    0.06  111.03  1,716.19  46.54  34.88  26.68  250.84  2,186.21 
 Deletions  -    -    -    -    -    -    -    57.75  57.75 
 As on 31 March 2025  -    0.29  392.15  4,866.72  144.27  134.01  109.38  487.68  6,134.50 
 For the year  -    0.46  103.41  1,832.93  58.57  29.17  28.11  375.06  2,427.70 
 Deletions  -    -    -    -    -    -    -    123.73  123.73 
As at 31 March 2026  -    0.74  495.55  6,699.64  202.84  163.18  137.49  739.01  8,438.47 
 Net block 
 As on 31 March 2025  904.18  10.94  834.86  14,501.47  86.46  104.46  36.96  983.67  17,463.00 
As at 31 March 2026 2,864.68  10.49  980.01  14,034.17  120.36  105.54  36.50  1,083.47  19,235.20 
Note:
Details of property, plant and equipment pledged against borrowings is presented in note 13 and 17.
The title deeds of all the immovable properties (other than properties where the Company is the lessee and the lease agreements 
are duly executed in favour of the lessee) are held in the name of the company itself. Further, the company has not carried out 
revaluation of items of Property, Plant & Equipment during the year and accordingly the disclosure  as to whether the revaluation is 
based on the valuation by a registered valuer as defined under rule 2 of the Companies (Registered Valuers and Valuation) Rules, 
2017 is not applicable.
4.1  CAP ITAL WORK IN PROGRESS (CWIP)  C in lacs 
Particulars As on 1 
April 2024
Addition Deduction As on 31 
March 
2025
Addition Deduction As at  
31 March 
2026
Project in progress  4,120.56  1,696.87  5,577.06  240.38  2,588.06  1,006.76  1,821.68 
Total  4,120.56  1,696.87  5,577.06  240.38  2,588.06  1,006.76  1,821.68 
Details of Capital Work in Progress Amount in CWIP for a period of 
31.03.2026
Total
< 1 year 1-2 years 2-3 years > 3 years
Project in progress  1,781.25  40.44  -    -    1,821.68 
Note:
As at the balance sheet date, the assets/projects forming part of capital work in progress are neither exceeded its estimated cost 
nor its estimated completion time line.
Details of Capital Work in Progress Amount in CWIP for a period of 
31.03.2025
Total
< 1 year 1-2 years 2-3 years > 3 years
Project in progress  240.38  -    -    -    240.38 
NOTES TO STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 ST MARCH, 2026
Financial Statements Statutory Reports Corporate Overview
Manorama Industries Limited
Annual Report 2025-26
215

--- page 219 ---
4.2 INTANGIBLE ASSETS
 C in lacs 
Software Total
Gross Block
Carrying Value
 As on 1st April 2024  -    -   
Additions  -    -   
Disposals  -    -   
 As on 31 March 2025  -    -   
Additions  280.77  280.77 
Disposals  -    -   
As at 31 March 2026  280.77  280.77 
Depreciation
As on 1st April 2024  -    -   
Charge for the year  -    -   
Disposals/Adjustment  -    -   
As on 31 March 2025  -    -   
Charge for the year  95.00  95.00 
Disposals/Adjustment  -    -   
As at 31 March 2026  95.00  95.00 
Net Block
As on 31 March 2025  -    -   
As at 31 March 2026  185.78  185.78 
Note: The title deeds of all the intangible assets are held in the name of the company itself.
4.3  IN TANGIBLE ASSETS UNDER CONSTRUCTION (IAUC)  C in lacs 
Particulars As on 1 
April 2024
Addition Deduction As on 31 
March 2025
Addition Deduction As at 31 
March 2026
Project in progress  70.71  159.16  -    229.87  50.90  280.77  -   
Total  70.71  159.16  -    229.87  50.90  280.77  -   
Details of Intangible Assets under construction Amount in IAUC for a period of 31.03.2026 Total
< 1 year 1-2 years 2-3 years > 3 years
Project in progress  -    -    -    -    -   
Details of Intangible Assets under construction Amount in IAUC for a period of 31.03.2025 Total
< 1 year 1-2 years 2-3 years > 3 years
Project in progress  159.16  -    70.71  -    229.87 
NOTES TO STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 ST MARCH, 2026
216

--- page 220 ---
4.4 RIGHT OF USE ASSETS
 C in lacs 
Particulars Leasehold 
properties
Total
Carrying Value
As on 1st April 2024  -    -   
Addition  165.32  165.32 
Deletions  -    -   
As on 31 March 2025  165.32  165.32 
Addition  -    -   
Deletions  -    -   
As at 31 March 2026  165.32  165.32 
Accumulated amortisation
As on 1st April 2024  -    -   
For the year  26.18  26.18 
Deletions  -    -   
As on 31 March 2025  26.18  26.18 
For the year  33.06  33.06 
Deletions  -    -   
As at 31 March 2026  59.24  59.24 
Net block
As on 31 March 2025  139.14  139.14 
As at 31 March 2026  106.08  106.08 
5. NON-CURRENT INVESTMENTS
 C in lacs
Particulars As at  
31 March, 2026
As at  
31 March, 2025
Investments in Subsidiary Companies
Carried at cost
Unquoted equity instruments, fully Paid up 
100000000 (P.Y. 100000000) Equity Shares of Naira 1.00 each in Manorama Savanna 
Limited, Nigeria
 49.89  49.89 
200 (P.Y. 0) Equity Shares of CFA 10,000.00 each in Manorama Africa Savanna, Ivory Coast  3.10  -   
80,00,000 (P.Y. 0) Equity Shares of GHS 1.00 each in Manorama Savanna Ghana Ltd  655.44  -   
1,905.866 (P.Y. 0) Equity Shares of BRL 1,000.00 each in Manorama Latin America LTDA, 
Brazil
 310.22  -   
200 (P.Y. 0) Equity Shares of CFA 10,000.00 each  in Manorama Burkina Sarl, Burkina Faso  3.32  -   
200 (P.Y. 0) Equity Shares of CFA 10,000.00 each  in Manorama Savanna Togo Sarl  3.48  -   
200 (P.Y. 0) Equity Shares of CFA 10,000.00 each in Manorama Africa Benin  3.06  -   
 1,028.49  49.89 
Investments carried at cost  1,028.49  49.89 
NOTES TO STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 ST MARCH, 2026
Financial Statements Statutory Reports Corporate Overview
Manorama Industries Limited
Annual Report 2025-26
217

--- page 221 ---
6. OTHER FINANCIAL ASSETS
 C in lacs
Particulars  Non-current Current
As at  
31 March, 2026
As at  
31 March, 2025
As at  
31 March, 2026
As at  
31 March, 2025
(Unsecured, considered good)
Security deposits  28.62  13.65  -    -   
Balance with banks in deposit accounts 
(maturity more than 12 months)  4,771.21  464.99  -    -   
Interest accrued on deposits  -    -    16.16  14.23 
Interest on security deposits  3.01  3.89  -    -   
Interest accrued on fixed deposits  7.51  0.27  47.51  60.56 
 4,810.35  482.80  63.67  74.79 
7. OTHER ASSETS
 C in lacs
Particulars  Non-current Current
As at  
31 March, 2026
As at  
31 March, 2025
As at  
31 March, 2026
As at  
31 March, 2025
(Unsecured, considered good)
Capital Advances  53.70  488.04  -    -   
Security deposit with govt. & others  269.46  235.15  -    -   
Advances other than capital advances  -    -    -    -   
Advance to Vendor  -    -   2122.02  946.55 
Advance to Subsidiary Companies  -    -   2293.89  516.34 
Advance to employees  -    -   155.17  19.46 
Prepaid expenses  25.57  22.13 263.68  257.96 
Balance with revenue authorities & others  -    -   1811.95  2,641.69 
 348.73  745.32  6,646.71  4,382.00 
8. INVENTORIES
 C in lacs 
Particulars As at  
31 March, 2026
As at  
31 March, 2025
(valued at lower of cost or net realisable value)
Raw Materials [including in transit stock of C 11486.51 lacs (2025: C1899.39 lacs)]  42,168.39  40,656.56 
Finished goods [including in transit stock of C 6927.98 lacs (2025: C 1022.40 lacs)]  25,886.20  12,341.86 
By product  [including in transit stock of C 34.07 lacs (2025: C 44.84 lacs]  1,829.65  1,075.11 
Chemicals  405.01  318.65 
Stores and consumables  751.04  512.08 
 71,040.28  54,904.27 
Note: Details of inventories pledged against borrowings is presented in note 13 and 17.
NOTES TO STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 ST MARCH, 2026
218

--- page 222 ---
9. TRADE RECEIVABLES 
 C in lacs 
Particulars As at  
31 March, 2026
As at  
31 March, 2025
Trade receivables, considered good - unsecured  5,626.69  10,172.82 
Trade receivables which have significant increase in credit risk  14.28  1.82 
Less: Provision for expected credit loss  14.28  1.82 
 5,626.69  10,172.82 
Note: Details of trade receivables pledged against borrowings is presented in note 13 and 17.  
No trade or other receivable are due from directors or other officers of the company either severally or jointly with any other person. 
Nor any trade or other receivable are due from firms or private companies respectively in which any director is a partner, a director 
or a member except disclosed in note-29.
Trade receivables ageing schedule for the year ended as on March 31, 2026 and March 31, 2025:
Particulars Outstanding for following periods from 
Due Date of Payment as on 31.03.2026
Total
(INR in 
lacs)< 6 Months 6 Months 
-1 Years
1-2 Years 2-3 Years  > 3 Years 
(i) Undisputed trade Receivables- Considered goods  5,617.63  0.39  0.02  8.64  -    5,626.69 
(ii) Undisputed trade Receivables- Which have 
significant increase in Credit Risk
 -    0.01  0.00  14.13  0.14  14.28 
(iii) Undisputed trade Receivables- Credit Impaired  -   
(iv) disputed trade Receivables- considered goods  -   
(v) disputed trade Receivables- Which have 
significant increase in Credit Risk
 -   
(vi) disputed trade Receivables- Credit Impaired  -   
Particulars Outstanding for following periods from Due  
Date of Payment as on 31.03.2025
Total
< 6 Months 6 Months 
-1 Years
1-2 Years 2-3 Years  > 3 Years 
(i) Undisputed trade Receivables- Considered goods  10,129.09  10.69  32.79  0.25  -    10,172.82 
(ii) Undisputed trade Receivables- Which have 
significant increase in Credit Risk
 -    -    -    0.09  1.73  1.82 
(iii) Undisputed trade Receivables- Credit Impaired  -   
(iv) disputed trade Receivables- considered goods  -   
(v) disputed trade Receivables- Which have 
significant increase in Credit Risk
 -   
(vi) disputed trade Receivables- Credit Impaired  -   
NOTES TO STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 ST MARCH, 2026
Financial Statements Statutory Reports Corporate Overview
Manorama Industries Limited
Annual Report 2025-26
219

--- page 223 ---
10. CASH AND BANK BALANCES
 C in lacs 
Particulars As at  
31 March, 2026
As at  
31 March, 2025
Cash and cash equivalents
Balance with Banks
- in current accounts  98.41  25.93 
- in cash credit/OD accounts (debit balance)  638.55  -   
Cash In hand  6.12  22.65 
 743.08  48.58 
Other bank balances
Balance with Banks
- in deposit accounts  8,393.12  9,569.16 
- in unpaid dividend account  0.27  0.19 
 8,393.39  9,569.35 
 9,136.47  9,617.93 
Note: Note: Deposits with banks aggregating to C 982.46 lacs (2025: C 49.26 lacs) has been pledged with banks against margin 
money towards working capital facilities. 
11. EQUITY SHARE CAPITAL
 C in lacs 
Particulars As at  
31 March, 2026
As at  
31 March, 2025
Authorized Capital
15,00,00,000 (P.Y. 15,00,00,000) Equity Shares of C 2 each  3,000.00  3,000.00 
 3,000.00  3,000.00 
Issued , Subscribed & Paid Up Capital
5,97,08,530 (P .Y. 5,95,99,050) Equity Shares of C 2 each  1,194.17  1,191.98 
 1,194.17  1,191.98 
(a) Reconciliation of the Equity shares outstanding at the beginning and at the end of the reporting period. 
Particulars   In Value  In Numbers
As at  
31 March, 2026
As at  
31 March, 2025
As at  
31 March, 2026
As at  
31 March, 2025
  C in lacs   C  in lacs  Nos.  Nos. 
At the beginning of the reporting period  1,191.98  1,191.98  59,599,050  59,599,050 
Issued during the period  2.19  -    109,480  -   
At the end of the reporting period.  1,194.17  1,191.98  59,708,530  59,599,050 
(b)  T erms & Right attached to equity shares
 The  company has only one class of equity shares having a par value of C 2 per share. Each Holder of equity share is entitled 
to one vote per share. In the event of liquidation, shareholder will be entitled to receive remaining assets of the company after 
distribution of all preferential amount. The distribution will be in proportion to the member of equity share held by the share 
holder.
c)  The  company has not allotted any equity shares as fully paid up pursuant to contracts without payment being received in 
cash/allotted as fully paid up by way of  bonus shares issued/buy-back of shares in the last 5 years.
d) The re are no contracts or commitments for the sale of shares or disinvestments.
NOTES TO STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 ST MARCH, 2026
220

--- page 224 ---
e) Details of shar eholders holding more than 5% shares in the Company  
Particulars  As at 31 March 2026 As at 31 March 2025
Equity shares of C 2/-each fully paid  Number  % of holding  Number  % of holding 
Shri Ashish Ramesh Saraf  27,568,720 46.17%  25,184,158 42.26%
Smt. Vinita Saraf  4,567,292 7.65%  4,567,292 7.66%
Smt. Ritu Saraf  4,236,895 7.10%  4,236,395 7.11%
 36,372,907 60.92%  33,987,845 57.03%
f)  Details of shar es held by promoters at 31 March 2026.
    Promoter Name  No. of Shares as 
on 31.03.2025 
 No. of Shares as 
on 31.03.2026 
% of total 
shares
% Change during 
the year
Shri Ashish Ramesh Saraf  25,184,158  27,568,720 46.17% 3.92%
Smt. Vinita Saraf  4,567,292  4,567,292 7.65% -0.01%
Shri Agastya Saraf  1,340,978  148,697 0.25% -2.00%
Shri Shrey Saraf  1,340,978  148,697 0.25% -2.00%
g) Details of Emplo yee Stock Option Plan:
 Manorama Industries Limited Employees Stock Option Plan 2021 (MILESOP 2021) was approved by the shareholders of 
the Company on 29th September, 2021. The plan is designed to provide incentives to all the employees to deliver long term 
returns. Under the plan the employees would be granted stock options which would carry the right to apply for equivalent 
number of ordinary shares of the Company of the face value of C 2 each at a price to be determined by the Nomination and 
Remuneration Committee of the Company. The total number of options to be granted under the Scheme would be 1191980 
no. of equity shares @ C 2 each. The grant of options has to be accepted by the employees within one month from the date of 
the grant and would vest after one year from such date in 4 annual  tranches of 25% of the options granted. The options once 
vested have to be exercised within 3 months.  In accordance with the plan the Nomination and Remuneration Committee 
of the Company on 8/2/2022 has granted 98000 options to certain eligible employees. Such options will vest in 4 tranches 
starting from 2023.  Further, the Nomination and Remuneration Committee of the Company on 12/05/2024 has also granted 
180000 options to certain eligible employees and such options will vest in 1 trench starting from 2025, the options have to be 
exercised within a period of 3 months. The exercise price for 1st grant is at a 10% discount on the market price of the shares 
as on grant date i.e. C 236.20 and for 2nd grant is C 251.00.  
 The  Share options outstanding at the end of the year have the following expiry dates.
Vesting Schedule spread  
over 4 years
Option vested Exercise schedule 
within 3 months 
from date of 
vesting 
Lapse                                                 
If not exercise within 
the exercise period the 
shares will be added 
back to ESOP pool 
Date Percentage No. of 
shares
On completion of 12 months from 
the date of grant 08-02-2022 08-02-2023 25% 24500 07-05-2023 08-05-2023
On completion of 24 months from 
the date of grant 08-02-2022 08-02-2024 25% 24500 07-05-2024 08-05-2024
On completion of 36 months from 
the date of grant 08-02-2022 08-02-2025 25% 24500 07-05-2025 08-05-2025
On completion of 48 months from 
the date of grant 08-02-2022 08-02-2026 25% 24500 07-05-2026 08-05-2026
On completion of 12 months from 
the date of grant 12-05-2024 11-05-2025 100% 180000 11-08-2025 12-08-2025
NOTES TO STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 ST MARCH, 2026
Financial Statements Statutory Reports Corporate Overview
Manorama Industries Limited
Annual Report 2025-26
221

--- page 225 ---
The fair value of the options, calculated by actuarial valuer was estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes model 
with the following significant assumptions:      
Particulars Assumptions
Risk free interest rate (in %) 6.58%
Volatility (in %) 59.09%
Dividend yield (in %) 0.04%
Attrition rate 1% to 5%
The volatility of the options is based on the historical volatility of the share price for the last one year as on the date of grant. 
Details of weighted average exercise price and fair value of the stock options granted at price below market price (on the date 
of grant):
Total options granted 2,58,000
Weighted average exercise price (in C ) 248.50
Weighted average fair value (in C ) 817.72
The movement in the scheme is set out as under:
Manorama Industries Limited Employees Stock Option Plan 2021 – Year Ended
Particulars  31st March, 2026 31st March, 2025
Options Weighted Average 
exercise price
Options Weighted Average 
exercise price
Number Amount (in Rs.) Number Amount (in Rs.)
Outstanding at the beginning of year 216500 248.50 54750 236.20
Granted during the year 0 0.00 180000 251.00
Exercised during the year 109480 248.97 0 0
Forfeited during the year 0 0.00 18250 236.20
Expired during the year 88770 250.46 0 0.00
Outstanding at the end of the year 18250 236.20 216500 248.50
Exercisable at the end of the year 
(Options which have vested) 18250 236.20 216500 248.50
Number of Equity Shares of C  2/- each 
fully paid up to be issued on exercise 
of option
18250 236.20 216500 248.50
The expected life of the share options is based on historical data and current expectations and is not necessarily indicative 
of exercise patterns that may occur. The expected volatility reflects the assumption that the historical volatility over a period 
similar to the life of the options is indicative of future trends, which may not necessarily be the actual outcome.  
NOTES TO STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 ST MARCH, 2026
222

--- page 226 ---
12. OTHER EQUITY
C in Lacs 
Particulars As at  
31 March, 2026
As at  
31 March, 2025
Securities Premium
Balance as at the beginning of the year  15,557.57  15,557.57 
Add: On account of issue of equity shares (ESOP)  270.39  -   
 15,827.96  15,557.57 
General Reserve
Balance as at the beginning of the year  -    -   
Add: On transfer from Share based payment reserve  1,739.41  -   
 1,739.41  -   
Share Based Payment Reserve
Balance as at the beginning of the year  1,657.66  122.53 
Less- Transfer to general reserve  (1,739.41)  -   
Add- As per actuarial valuation  235.24  1,535.13 
 153.49  1,657.66 
Retained Earnings
Balance as at the beginning of the year  27,784.37  16,828.72 
Add- Net Profit for the year  23,321.97  11,205.01 
Add/(less) - Other Comprehensive Income for the year  (177.56)  (10.96)
Add/(less) - Final Dividend Paid  (357.68)  (238.40)
Net surplus in the statement of profit and loss  50,571.09  27,784.37 
 68,291.95  44,999.61 
Notes:  
(i) Securities Premium  
Securities premium is used to record the premium received on issue of shares. It is to be utilised in accordance with the provisions 
of Companies Act, 2013.  
(ii) General Reserve  
General Reserve is available for payment of dividend and buy back of equity shares as per the provisions of Companies Act, 
2013.  
(iii) Share Based Payment Reserve  
The share options-based payment reserve is used to recognise the grant date fair value of option issued to employees under 
Employee stock option plan.  
(iv) Retained Earnings  
Retained earnings are the profits and gains that the Company has earned till date less any transfer to General Reserve, dividends 
or other distributions made to shareholders.    
NOTES TO STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 ST MARCH, 2026
Financial Statements Statutory Reports Corporate Overview
Manorama Industries Limited
Annual Report 2025-26
223

--- page 227 ---
13. LONG TERM BORROWINGS
C in Lacs 
Particulars As at  
31 March, 2026
As at  
31 March, 2025
 From banks (secured)  3,335.14  4,760.32 
 Other Loans from banks (secured)  748.11  663.65 
 4,083.26  5,423.97 
 Less- Current Maturities of long term borrowings (refer note 17)  802.02  1,138.58 
 3,281.24  4,285.39 
 Nature of security and terms of repayment for secured borrowings: -  - 
C in Lacs 
Borrowings                       Rate of 
interest 
 Security  Terms of repayment (EMI) 
 From  To 
 State Bank of 
India 9.15%
Term loan of C 4000 lacs is secured by hypothecation of entire plant 
& machinery installed from bank finance and 1st exclusive charge on 
the entire moveable/immovable fixed assets related to term loan from 
bank. The loan is further secured by personal guarantee of promoters 
and directors of the company.
15-Oct-23 15-Mar-30
 State Bank of 
India 9.25%
Working capital term loan (GECL) of C 458 lacs is secured by 2nd charge 
on the entire current assets purchased/ built up from bank finance and 
margin amount. The loan is further covered under Emergency Credit 
Line Guarantee Scheme (ECLGS).
26-Mar-22 26-Mar-26
 State Bank of 
India 9.25%
Working capital term loan (GECL 2.0 Extn) of C 659 lacs is secured 
by 2nd charge on the entire current assets purchased/ built up from 
bank finance and margin amount. The loan is further covered under 
Emergency Credit Line Guarantee Scheme (ECLGS).
25-Dec-24 25-Nov-28
 Bank of India 9.25%
Working capital term loan (GECL 2.0) of C 162.10 lacs is secured by 1st 
parri passu charge on entire current assets including stock & receivables 
excluding FDRs held by peer banks as exclusive collateral security and 
also secured by 1st parri passu charge on equitable mortgage of land 
and building of the company alongwith plant & machinery and other 
fixed assets both present and future. The loan is further covered under 
Emergency Credit Line Guarantee Scheme (ECLGS).
30-Mar-22 30-Mar-26
 Bank of India 9.25%
Working capital term loan (GECL 2.0 Extn) of C 340 lacs is secured by 1st 
parri passu charge on entire current assets including stock & receivables 
excluding FDRs held by peer banks as exclusive collateral security and 
also secured by 1st parri passu charge on equitable mortgage of land 
and building of the company alongwith plant & machinery and other 
fixed assets both present and future. The loan is further covered under 
Emergency Credit Line Guarantee Scheme (ECLGS).
09-Feb-23 09-Feb-27
 Bank of 
Maharashtra 9.25%
Working capital term loan (ECLGS 2.0 Extn) of C 393 lacs is secured 
by 2nd parri passu charge with the existing credit facilities in terms 
of cash flows (including repayment) and security, with charged on 
assets financed under the scheme. The loan is further covered under 
Emergency Credit Line Guarantee Scheme (ECLGS).
04-Feb-24 04-Feb-28
NOTES TO STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 ST MARCH, 2026 
224

--- page 228 ---
Borrowings                       Rate of 
interest 
 Security  Terms of repayment (EMI) 
 From  To 
 Axis Bank 
Ltd.                              9.25%
Working capital term loan of C 1260 lacs is secured by Second Pari 
Passu Charge on the existing Security with the bank (Except PG), both 
primary and collateral as captured under the cash credit facilities, 
presently secured to the bank for its existing credit facilities (along with 
ECLGS lenders).
01-Sep-22 01-Jul-26
 Federal Bank 
Ltd., Axis Bank 
Ltd., Bank 
of Baroda & 
B a n k  o f  I n d i a               
9.00% - 
10.70%  Hypothecation of Vehicle 01-Apr-19 20-Feb-33
14. DEFERRED TAX (ASSETS)/LIABILITIES
C in Lacs 
Particulars As at  
31 March, 2026
As at  
31 March, 2025
Temporary differences on account of PPE & Other intangible assets  533.03  476.69 
Temporary differences on account of ROU  (26.70)  (35.02)
Temporary differences on account of Employee Benefits  (224.22)  (88.68)
Other temporary differences  (24.73)  (36.70)
Temporary differences on account of Lease Liabilities  29.79  36.73 
Provision for Expected Credit Loss on trade receivables  (3.59)  (0.46)
Deferred tax (assets)/liabilities (net)  283.58  352.57 
RECONCILIATION OF DEFERRED TAX (ASSETS)/LIABILITIES (NET)
C in Lacs 
Particulars As at  
31 March, 2026
As at  
31 March, 2025
Deferred Tax (Assets)/Liabilities
Deferred tax liability / (assets) at the beginning of the year  352.57  430.06 
Temporary differences on account of Property, plant & equipment  56.33  (46.70)
Temporary differences on account of ROU  8.32  (35.02)
Temporary differences on account of Employee Benefits  (135.54)  (28.12)
Temporary differences on account of Lease Liabilities  (6.93)  36.73 
Other temporary differences  11.97  (10.99)
Provision for Expected Credit Loss on trade receivables  (3.14)  6.61 
DEFERRED TAX LIABILITIES / (ASSETS) AT THE END OF THE YEAR  283.58  352.57 
NOTES TO STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 ST MARCH, 2026 (Contd.)
Financial Statements Statutory Reports Corporate Overview
Manorama Industries Limited
Annual Report 2025-26
225

--- page 229 ---
15. NOTE-15 OTHER LIABILITIES
C in Lacs 
Particulars   Non-Current  Current 
As at  
31 March, 2026
As at  
31 March, 2025
As at  
31 March, 2026
As at  
31 March, 2025
Advance from customers  -    -    978.20  93.57 
Statutory Liabilities  -    -    581.02  213.58 
Deferred capital subsidy  53.17  60.50  7.33  7.33 
 53.17  60.50  1,566.55  314.48 
Note: Deferred capital subsidy  i.e. Government grants have been received for the purchase of certain items of property, plant and 
equipment. There are no unfulfilled conditions or contingencies attached to these grants.
16. PROVISIONS
C in Lacs 
Particulars  Long-term Short-term
As at  
31 March, 2026
As at  
31 March, 2025
As at  
31 March, 2026
As at  
31 March, 2025
Provision for employee benefits
 - Provision for Gratuity  553.26  149.33  31.37  14.69 
 - Provision for leave encashment  156.68  37.87  11.02  4.33 
 709.94  187.20  42.39  19.02 
17. SHORT TERM BORROWINGS
C in Lacs  
Particulars As at  
31 March, 2026
As at  
31 March, 2025
Working capital facilities from banks repayable on demand (secured)  31,345.35  42,659.67 
Current maturities of long term borrowings (refer note 13)  802.02  1,138.58 
 32,147.37  43,798.25 
Terms of borrowings:
Working Capital facilities from banks are repayable on demand and are secured as follows:   
- Hypothecation of stock and receivables.   
- Packing credit limits against hypothecation of stock meant for export.   
- Second parri passu charge on Industrial land building, plant and machinery of Birkoni Plant of the company for credit facility from 
Banks.   
- Personal Guarantee of Vinita Saraf, Shrey Saraf, Gautam Pal and Ashish Ramesh Saraf, promoters/directors of the company. 
. 
NOTES TO STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 ST MARCH, 2026
226

--- page 230 ---
18. TRADE PAYABLES
C in Lacs 
Particulars As at  
31 March, 2026
As at  
31 March, 2025
 -  total outstanding dues of micro enterprises and small enterprises  8.96  64.39 
-   total outstanding dues of creditors other than micro enterprises and small 
enterprises
 7,965.00  1,366.37 
 7,973.96  1,430.76 
Trade payables ageing schedule for the year ended as on March 31, 2026 and March 31, 2025:
Particulars Outstanding for Following periods from due date of 
Payment as on 31.03.2026
< 1 Years 1-2 Years 2-3 Years  > 3 Years Total
(i) MSME  8.96  -    -    -    8.96 
(ii) Others  7,934.89  15.06  4.76  10.30  7,965.00 
(iii) Disputed Dues- MSME  -    -    -    -    -   
(iv) Disputed Dues- Others  -    -    -    -    -   
Total  7,973.96 
Particulars Outstanding for Following periods from due date of  
Payment as on 31.03.2025
< 1 Years 1-2 Years 2-3 Years  > 3 Years Total
(i) MSME  64.39  -    -    -    64.39 
(ii) Others 1, 352.77 7.20 3.44 3.14 1,366.37
(iii) Disputed Dues- MSME  -    -    -    -    -   
(iv) Disputed Dues- Others  -    -    -    -    -   
Total 1,430.76
Details of outstanding due of micro enterprises and small enterprises
C in Lacs 
Particulars As at  
31 March, 2026
As at  
31 March, 2025
The principal amount and the interest due thereon remaining unpaid to any supplier 
as at the end of each accounting year is as follows:
- Principal  8.96  64.39 
- Interest  -    -   
The amount of interest paid by the Company along with the amount of the payment 
made to the supplier beyond the appointed day during the year.
 -    -   
The amount of interest due and payable for the period of delay in making payment 
(which have been paid but beyond the appointed day during the year) but without 
adding the interest specified under MSMEDA.
 -    -   
The amount of interest accrued and remaining unpaid at end of the year  -    -   
The amount of further interest remaining due and payable even in the succeeding 
years, until such date when the interest dues as above are actually paid to the small 
enterprise.
 -    -   
NOTES TO STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 ST MARCH, 2026
Financial Statements Statutory Reports Corporate Overview
Manorama Industries Limited
Annual Report 2025-26
227

--- page 231 ---
19. OTHER FINANCIAL LIABILITIES
C in Lacs 
Particulars As at  
31 March, 2026
As at  
31 March, 2025
Interest accrued but not due  15.52  10.80 
Payable to directors  686.61  161.68 
Payable to related parties  8.37  18.47 
Unpaid dividend  0.27  0.19 
Forward premium payable  2,330.83  -   
Creditors for capital goods  -    178.55 
Provision for expenses  479.76  643.48 
 3,521.37  1,013.17 
20. REVENUE FROM OPERATIONS
C in Lacs 
Particulars  31.03.2026  31.03.2025 
Sale of products and by-products
     Domestic  57,788.38  20,776.56 
     Exports  77,542.90  55,932.74 
 1,35,331.28  76,709.30 
Other operating revenues
Duty Draw Back  15.32  10.85 
Exports Incentives  360.46  244.42 
Sale of scrap  62.67  119.62 
 438.45  374.89 
Total  1,35,769.73  77,084.19 
Ind AS 115 Revenue from Contracts with Customers
The Company recognises revenue when control over the promised goods or services is transferred to the customer at an amount 
that reflects the consideration to which the Company expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services.
The Company has assessed and determined the following categories for disaggregation of revenue:
C in Lacs 
Particulars  31.03.2026  31.03.2025 
Revenue from contracts with customer - Sale of products/goods  1,35,331.28  76,709.30 
Other operating revenues  438.45  374.89 
Total Revenue from operations  1,35,769.73  77,084.19 
India  58,226.83  21,151.45 
Outside India  77,542.90  55,932.74 
Total Revenue from operations  1,35,769.73  77,084.19 
Timing of revenue recognition 
At a point in time  1,35,769.73  77,084.19 
Total Revenue from operations  1,35,769.73  77,084.19 
Contract balances
Trade Receivables (refer note 9)  5,626.69  10,172.82 
Contract Liabilities
Advance from customers (refer note 15)  978.20  93.57 
NOTES TO STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 ST MARCH, 2026
228

--- page 232 ---
Trade receivables are non-interest bearing and are generally on terms of advance or credit period ranges of 1 to 120 days. In March 
2026, C12.46 lacs was recognised and In March 2025: C 26.26 lacs was reversal towards provision for expected credit losses on 
trade receivables.
Contract liabilities include short-term advances received from customers to deliver manufacturing goods.
Amount of revenue recognised from amounts included in the contract liabilities at the beginning of the year C 93.52 lacs (previous 
year C 21.10 lacs) and performance obligations satisfied in previous years C NIL
In accordance with paragraph 34 of Ind AS 108 – Operating Segments, the Company had revenues from the following external 
customers amounting to 10% or more of its total revenue during the year only:
Customer 2025-26 % of Total Revenue
Customer A  28,573.91  21.05 
Customer B  26,467.80  19.49 
The revenues from the above customers were generated from the Company’s total revenue from operations. The identity of the 
customers has not been disclosed in accordance with Ind AS 108.
21.  OTHER INCOME
C in Lacs  
Particulars  31.03.2026  31.03.2025 
Interest Income
- on fixed deposits  740.24  731.43 
- on others  15.25  13.65 
Unwinding interest on deposits  1.10  0.82 
Foreign exchange gain  337.09  1,065.73 
Profit on sale of property, plant and equipment  33.80  9.40 
Amortization of deferred capital subsidy  7.33  7.33 
Other miscellaneous income  0.71  27.97 
 1,135.52  1,856.34 
22.  COST OF MATERIALS CONSUMED
C in Lacs 
Particulars  31.03.2026  31.03.2025 
Seeds
Opening Stock  37,479.08  22,401.45 
Add:- Purchases  56,212.20  47,092.36 
Less- Closing Stock  42,159.20  37,479.08 
 51,532.08  32,014.73 
Chemicals
Opening Stock  318.65  203.98 
Add:- Purchases  1,481.79  1,065.24 
Less- Closing Stock  405.01  318.65 
 1,395.43  950.58 
Other raw materials
Opening Stock  3,177.48  5.59 
Add:- Purchases  32,499.11  7,558.78 
Less- Closing Stock  9.19  3,177.48 
 35,667.40  4,386.89 
 88,594.91  37,352.20 
NOTES TO STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 ST MARCH, 2026
Financial Statements Statutory Reports Corporate Overview
Manorama Industries Limited
Annual Report 2025-26
229

--- page 233 ---
23. CHANGES IN INVENTORIES OF FINISHED GOODS, BY-PRODUCT AND STOCK-IN-TRADE
C in Lacs 
Particulars  31.03.2026  31.03.2025 
Opening Stock
Finished Goods  12,341.86  15,607.05 
By Product  1,075.11  225.28 
 13,416.97  15,832.33 
Closing Stock
Finished Goods  25,886.20  12,341.86 
By Product  1,829.65  1,075.11 
 27,715.85  13,416.97 
 (14,298.87)  2,415.36 
24.  EMPLOYEE BENEFITS EXPENSE
C in Lacs 
Particulars  31.03.2026  31.03.2025 
     Salary, wages and other benefits  5,471  3,091.66 
     Contribution to provident and other funds  88.45  79.12 
     Gratuity expense  192.51  54.54 
     Leave obligation expense  129.96  18.31 
     Employees compensation expense  235.24  1,535.13 
     Staff welfare expenses  13.06  13.37 
 6,130.52  4,792.13 
25.  FINANCE COSTS
C in Lacs 
Particulars  31.03.2026  31.03.2025 
     Interest expenses
- on working capital facilities  3,528.88  3,643.30 
- on Lease liabilities  11.75  11.50 
- on vehicle loans  60.29  38.30 
- on others  1.77  1.27 
   Other borrowing cost  152.18  222.05 
 3,754.87  3,916.43 
26.  DEPRECIATION AND AMORTISATION EXPENSE
C in Lacs 
Particulars  31.03.2026  31.03.2025 
Depreciation on property, plant and equipment  2,427.70  2,186.21 
Amortization of intangible assets  95.00  -   
Amortization of right-of-use assets  33.06  26.18 
 2,555.76  2,212.39 
NOTES TO STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 ST MARCH, 2026
230

--- page 234 ---
27.  OTHER EXPENSES
C in Lacs 
Particulars  31.03.2026  31.03.2025 
Consumption of stores and spares  796.91  458.09 
Power and fuel  3,664.75  2,960.93 
Labour charges  827.02  649.08 
Processing Charges  3,967.86  1,435.97 
Insurance Expenses  348.03  369.72 
Rent  493.94  329.74 
Rates & Taxes  90.93  38.94 
Repairs and maintenance
-Plant and machinery  21.83  28.30 
-Others  157.82  229.75 
Lab expenses  216.18  215.09 
Security charges  185.11  133.77 
Travelling Expenses  1,562.53  1,291.01 
Communication expenses  36.23  27.94 
Printing and stationery  99.14  86.29 
Legal and professional  705.21  583.92 
Commission and brokerage  80.16  225.65 
Sales promotion expenses  94.14  100.53 
Freight outwards and other selling expenses  3,245.25  2,850.37 
Packaging expenses  1,094.83  659.95 
Provision for doubtful debts  12.46  (26.26)
Auditor Remuneration  15.00  15.00 
Corporate social responsibility  166.15  90.61 
Bad debt written off  1.59  26.32 
Miscellaneous Expenses 689.00  638.43 
 18,572.17  13,419.17 
Payment to Auditors:-
C in Lacs 
Particulars  31.03.2026  31.03.2025 
For audit  15.00  15.00 
 15.00  15.00 
NOTES TO STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 ST MARCH, 2026 
Financial Statements Statutory Reports Corporate Overview
Manorama Industries Limited
Annual Report 2025-26
231

--- page 235 ---
28.  EARNINGS PER SHARE
C in Lacs 
Particulars  31.03.2026  31.03.2025 
Profit / (Loss) after tax  23,321.97  11,205.01 
Weighted average number of equity shares used for calculating  
basic earnings per share
 5,97,08,530.00  5,95,99,050.00 
Weighted average number of equity shares used for calculating  
diluted earnings per share
 5,97,26,780.00 5,98,15,550 00
Face value of Equity Shares (in C)  2.00  2.00 
Earnings per share- Basic (in C)  39.06  18.80 
Earnings per share- Diluted (in C)  39.05  18.73 
29.  RELATED PARTY DISCLOSURE
a) Related Parties Nature of relationship
Manorama Earth Private Limited Directors have a significant influence
Manorama Africa Limited Directors have a significant influence
Manorama Savanna Limited - Niregia Wholly Owned Subsidiary Company from 25.07.2024
Manorama Mena Trading LLC Wholly Owned Subsidiary Company from 22.07.2024
Manorama Africa Benin Wholly Owned Subsidiary Company from 15.10.2024
Manorama Africa Savanna IVC Wholly Owned Subsidiary Company from 10.10.2024
Manorama Burkina SARL Wholly Owned Subsidiary Company from 18.10.2024
Manorama Savanna Ghana Limited Wholly Owned Subsidiary Company from 06.11.2024
Manorama Latin America Wholly Owned Subsidiary Company from 25.03.2025
Manorama Savanna Togo SARL Wholly Owned Subsidiary Company from 18.09.2024
Taang Kaam Industries SA, Burkina Faso Wholly Owned Subsidiary Company from 16.01.2026
Ritu Saraf Relatives of Key Managerial Personnel’s
Agastya Saraf Relatives of Key Managerial Personnel’s
Aditya  Saraf Relatives of Key Managerial Personnel’s
b) Key Managerial personnel
Vinita Ashish Saraf Director
Ashish Saraf President (upto 22.10.2024), Managing Director / Chairperson (w.e.f. 23.10.2024)
Deep Saraf Vice-President
Shrey Ashish Saraf Director 
Gautam Kumar Pal Managing Director (upto 22.10.2024), Director (w.e.f. 23.10.2024)
Ashish Bakliwal Independent Director (upto 30.04.2025)
Jose Vailappallil Joseph Independent Director
Nipun Sumanlal Mehta Independent Director
Mudit Kumar Singh Independent Director 
Veni Mocherla Independent Director 
Subhaprada Nishtala Independent Director w.e.f. 26.04.2025
Ashok Jain CFO & Whole Time Director 
Deepak Sharma Company Secretary
NOTES TO STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 ST MARCH, 2026 
232

--- page 236 ---
c) Details of transactions with related parties
C in Lacs 
Name of Party Nature of Transaction  31.03.2026  31.03.2025 
Manorama Africa Limited Purchases of Goods  19,175.15  22,969.93 
Manorama Africa Benin Purchases of Goods  636.38  1.97 
Manorama Savanna Ghana Limited Purchases of Goods  15,298.09  -   
Manorama Savanna Limited - Niregia Purchases of Goods  -    1,339.95 
Damini Pal Purchases of Goods  2.96  -   
Manorama Africa Benin Share Capital Investment (WOS Company)  3.06  -   
Manorama Africa Savanna IVC Share Capital Investment (WOS Company)  3.10  -   
Manorama Burkina SARL Share Capital Investment (WOS Company)  3.32  -   
Manorama Latin America Share Capital Investment (WOS Company)  310.22  -   
Manorama Savanna Ghana Limited Share Capital Investment (WOS Company)  655.44  -   
Manorama Savanna Limited - Niregia Share Capital Investment (WOS Company)  -    49.89 
Manorama Savanna Togo SARL Share Capital Investment (WOS Company)  3.48  -   
Manorama Earth Private Limited Car Hire Charges  22.00  24.00 
Ashish Saraf Remuneration  285.00  180.00 
Vinita Saraf Remuneration  154.80  96.77 
Gautam Kumar Pal Remuneration  54.75  51.00 
Gautam Kumar Pal Performance Bonus  41.25  24.00 
Gautam Kumar Pal ESOP Perquisites  113.71  -   
Shrey Saraf Remuneration  67.73  63.00 
Ashok Jain Remuneration  42.38  39.00 
Ashok Jain Performance Bonus  23.00  -   
Ashok Jain ESOP Perquisites  214.75  -   
Ashish Bakliwal Director Sitting Fees  0.20  1.50 
Jose Vailappallil Joseph Director Sitting Fees  3.10  1.80 
Mudit Kumar Singh Director Sitting Fees  3.40  1.80 
Nipun Sumanlal Mehta Director Sitting Fees  3.40  1.80 
Veni Mocherla Director Sitting Fees  3.30  1.80 
Subhaprada Nishtala Director Sitting Fees  2.90  -   
Vinita Saraf Director Sitting Fees  -    0.80 
Vinita Saraf Rent  30.00  30.00 
Deep Saraf Remuneration  67.73  63.00 
Ritu Saraf Remuneration  23.65  22.00 
Deepak Sharma Remuneration  21.10  17.40 
Deepak Sharma Performance Bonus  5.00  -   
Deepak Sharma ESOP Perquisites  87.18  -   
Agastya Saraf Remuneration  8.75  2.97 
Aditya  Saraf Remuneration  5.87  2.76 
Ashish Saraf Performance Bonus  700.00  139.00 
Vinita Saraf Performance Bonus  233.00  56.00 
NOTES TO STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 ST MARCH, 2026 
Financial Statements Statutory Reports Corporate Overview
Manorama Industries Limited
Annual Report 2025-26
233

--- page 237 ---
C in Lacs 
Name of Party Nature of Transaction  31.03.2026  31.03.2025 
Deep Saraf Performance Bonus  163.00  39.00 
Shrey Saraf Performance Bonus  70.00  17.00 
Manorama Africa Limited Advance for Purchase of Goods  38.57  624.23 
Manorama Africa Benin Advance for Purchase of Goods  119.89  87.12 
Manorama Africa Savanna IVC Advance for Purchase of Goods  177.92  87.12 
Manorama Burkina SARL Advance for Purchase of Goods  95.68  21.69 
Manorama Latin America Advance for Purchase of Goods  13.76  4.67 
Manorama Mena Trading LLC Advance for Purchase of Goods  18.52  19.10 
Manorama Savana Ghana Limited Advance for Purchase of Goods  218.79  159.79 
Manorama Savanna Limited - Niregia Advance for Purchase of Goods  1,068.16  136.85 
Manorama Savanna Togo SARL Advance for Purchase of Goods  44.01  -   
Taang Kaam Industries SA Advance for Purchase of Goods  20.82  -   
Manorama Latin America Sales of Goods  252.98  -   
d) Balance (payable to)/receivable from related parties
Name of Party Nature of Transaction  31.03.2026  31.03.2025 
Manorama Africa Limited Advance for Purchases of Goods  662.80  624.23 
Manorama Africa Benin Advance for Purchases of Goods  207.00  87.12 
Manorama Africa Benin Share Capital Investment (WOS 
Company)
 3.06  -   
Manorama Africa Savanna IVC Advance for Purchases of Goods  265.03  87.12 
Manorama Africa Savanna IVC Share Capital Investment (WOS 
Company)
 3.10  -   
Manorama Burkina SARL Advance for Purchases of Goods  117.37  21.69 
Manorama Burkina SARL Share Capital Investment (WOS 
Company)
 3.32  -   
Manorama Latin America Advance for Purchase of Goods  18.43  4.67 
Manorama Latin America Share Capital Investment (WOS 
Company)
 310.22  -   
Manorama Latin America Trade Receivable  252.98  -   
Manorama Mena Trading LLC Advance for Purchase of Goods  37.62  19.10 
Manorama Savana Ghana Limited Advance for Purchase of Goods  378.58  159.79 
Manorama Savana Ghana Limited Share Capital Investment (WOS 
Company)
 655.44  -   
Manorama Savanna Limited - Niregia Advance for Purchase of Goods  1,205.01  136.85 
Manorama Savanna Limited - Niregia Share Capital Investment (WOS 
Company)
 49.89  49.89 
Manorama Savanna Togo SARL Advance for Purchase of Goods  44.01  -   
Manorama Savanna Togo SARL Share Capital Investment (WOS 
Company)
 3.48  -   
Taang Kaam Industries SA Advance for Purchase of Goods  20.82  -   
NOTES TO STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 ST MARCH, 2026 (Contd.)
234

--- page 238 ---
Name of Party Nature of Transaction  31.03.2026  31.03.2025 
Manorama Earth Private Limited Car Hire Charges Payable  (4.12)  (6.18)
Ashish Saraf Remuneration Payable  (385.88)  (100.10)
Vinita Saraf Remuneration Payable  (148.60)  (42.05)
Gautam Kumar Pal Remuneration Payable/Advance salary  5.04  (3.12)
Shrey Saraf Remuneration Payable  (45.82)  (13.53)
Ashok Jain Remuneration Payable  (15.35)  (2.43)
Ashish Bakliwal Director Sitting Fees Payable  -    (0.09)
Jose Vailappallil Joseph Director Sitting Fees Payable  -    (0.09)
Mudit Kumar Singh Director Sitting Fees Payable  -    (0.09)
Nipun Sumanlal Mehta Director Sitting Fees Payable  -    (0.09)
Veni Mocherla Director Sitting Fees Payable  -    (0.09)
Deep Saraf Remuneration Payable  (20.32)  (16.39)
Ritu Saraf Remuneration Payable/Advance salary  0.43  (1.14)
Deepak Sharma Remuneration Payable  -    (1.20)
Agastya Saraf Remuneration Payable/Advance salary  1.22  (0.26)
Aditya  Saraf Remuneration Payable  -    (0.24)
During the previous year, the company granted stock options to the Key Management Personnel under it’s ESOP Scheme at 
‘Market Price’ [with in the meaning of the Securities Exchange Board of India (Share Based Employee Benefits) Regulations, 2014]. 
Since such options are not tradeable, no perquisites or benefits is immediately conferred upon the employee by such grant options 
and accordingly, the said grant has not been considered as remuneration. However, the company has recorded employee benefits 
expense by way of Share Based Payment obligation, in accordance with Ind AS - 112 at C 235.24 lacs for the year ended 31st March, 
2026 ( 2025: C 1535.13 lacs), out of which C 33.97 lacs (2025: C 319.82 lacs) is attributable to Key Management Personnel. 
Terms and conditions of transactions with related parties 
All related party transactions entered during the year were in ordinary course of business and on arm’s length basis. Outstanding 
balances at the year-end are unsecured and will be settled in cash. There have been no guarantees provided or received for 
any related party receivables or payables. For the year ended 31 March 2026, the company has not recorded any impairment of 
receivables relating to amounts owed by related parties (31 March 2025: C Nil). This assessment is undertaken each financial year 
through examining the financial position of the related party and the market in which the related party operates.
30. CONTINGENT LIABILITIES AND CAPITAL COMMITMENTS:
(a) Con tingent Liability:
Claims against the companies not acknowledged as debts C 80.84 Lacs (Previous Year C 80.84 Lacs).   
Disputed liability of C 19.13 Lacs (Previous Year C 19.13 Lacs) on account of Goods and Services Tax against which the 
company has preferred an appeal.   
Disputed liability of C 34.51 Lacs (Previous Year C Nil) on account of Income Tax against which the company is going to file 
rectification application.   
NOTES TO STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 ST MARCH, 2026 
Financial Statements Statutory Reports Corporate Overview
Manorama Industries Limited
Annual Report 2025-26
235

--- page 239 ---
Disputed liability of C 0.51 Lacs (Previous Year C 0.67 lacs) on account of TDS default appearing in Traces Site for which 
rectification is being filed.    
(b) Cap ital Commitments:  
C in Lacs
Particulars 31st March, 2026 31st March, 2025
Estimated amount of contracts remaining to be executed on capital account 
and not provided for (net of capital advances)
 31.95  1,545.76 
 31.95  1,545.76 
31. DISCLOSURES AS REQUIRED BY INDIAN ACCOUNTING STANDARD (IND AS) 19 EMPLOYEE BENEFITS:
a. Defi ned Contribution Plan:
The Company has certain defined contribution plans viz. provident fund . Contributions are made to provident fund in India 
for employees at the rate of 12% of basic salary as per regulations. The contributions are made to registered provident fund 
administered by the government. The obligation of the Company is limited to the amount contributed and it has no further 
contractual nor any constructive obligation. 
An amount of C 88.45 lacs (P .Y. C 79.12 lacs) is recognised as an expenses and included in employee benefit expense as under 
the following defined contribution plans (Refer Note no 24).
b. Defi ned benefit plan:     
Leave Obligations:    
The Company provides for the encashment of leave or leave with pay subject to certain rules. The employees are entitled 
to accumulate leave subject to certain limits, for future encashment. The liability is provided based on the number days of 
unutilised leave at each balance sheet date on the basis of year-end actuarial valuation using projected unit credit method. 
The scheme is unfunded.
Based on past experience and in keeping with Company’s practice, the Company does not expect all employees to take 
the full amount of accrued leave or require payment within the next 12 months and accordingly the total year end provision 
determined on actuarial valuation, as aforesaid is classified between current and non current.
An amount of C 129.96 lacs (P .Y. C 18.31 lacs) is recognised as an expenses and included in employee benefit expense as 
under the following defined contribution plans (Refer Note no 24). 
Gratuity:    
The Gratuity scheme is a final salary defined benefit plan that provides for a lump sum payment made on exit either by way 
of retirement, death, disability or voluntary withdrawal. The benefits are defined on the basis of final salary and the period of 
service and paid as lump sum at exit. Benefits provided under this plan is as per the requirement of the Payment of Gratuity 
Act, 1972. The scheme is unfunded.
C in Lacs
Particulars Gratuity
2025-26 2024-25
(Non Funded) (Non Funded)
I Change in Present value of defined benefit obligation during the year:
Present value of defined benefit obligation at the beginning of the year  164.02  95.93 
Interest Cost  12.30  6.48 
Current Service Cost  180.21  48.06 
Past Service Cost  -    -   
Benefit paid directly by employer  (9.18)  (1.09)
Actuarial Changes arising from changes in financial assumption  362.06  7.45 
NOTES TO STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 ST MARCH, 2026
236

--- page 240 ---
C in Lacs
Particulars Gratuity
2025-26 2024-25
(Non Funded) (Non Funded)
Actuarial Changes arising from changes in experience assumption  (124.78)  7.20 
Present value of defined benefit obligation at the end of the year  584.63  164.02 
II Change in fair value of plan assets during the year:
Fair value of plan assets at the beginning of the year  -    -   
Contribution paid by the employer  9.18  1.09 
Benefit paid  (9.18)  (1.09)
Fair value of plan assets at the end of the year  -    -   
III Net asset / (liability) recognised in the balance sheet:
Present Value of defined benefit obligation at the end of the year  584.63  164.02 
Fair value of plan assets at the end of the year  -    -   
Amount recognised in the balance sheet
Net asset / (liability) - Current 31.37 14.69
Net asset / (liability) - Non Current 553.26 149.33
IV Expenses recognized in the statement of profit and loss for the year:
Current Service Cost  180.21  48.06 
Interest Cost on benefit obligation (Net)  12.30  6.48 
Total expenses included in employee benefits expenses  192.51  54.54 
V Recognized in other comprehensive income for the year:
Actuarial Changes arising from changes in financial assumption  362.06  7.45 
Actuarial Changes arising from changes in experience assumption  (124.78)  7.20 
Recognized in other comprehensive income for the year:  237.28  14.65 
VI Maturity profile of defined benefit obligation:
Within the next 12 months (next annual reporting period)  31.37  14.69 
Between 2 and 5 years  44.72  25.90 
6 years to 10 years  80.49  64.39 
VII Quantitative Sensitivity analysis for significant assumption is as below:
1% point increase in discount rate  495.10  144.05 
1% point decrease in discount rate  696.82  188.48 
1% point increase rate of salary Increase  687.69  188.16 
1% point decrease rate of salary Increase  499.70  143.92 
1% point increase rate of employee turnover rate  537.28  163.51 
1% point decrease rate of employee turnover rate  641.50  164.61 
VIII Sen sitivity Analysis Method:   
 Sen sitivity Analysis is determined based on the expected movement in liability if the assumption were not proved to be 
true on different count.  
    
NOTES TO STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 ST MARCH, 2026 (Contd.)
Financial Statements Statutory Reports Corporate Overview
Manorama Industries Limited
Annual Report 2025-26
237

--- page 241 ---
C in Lacs
Particulars Gratuity
2024-25 2023-24
(Non Funded) (Non Funded)
IX Actuarial assumptions:
1 Discount rate 7.50% 6.75%
2 Salary escalation 7.00% 7.00%
3 Mortality rate during employment Indian Assured Lives 
Mortality (2012-14) Ult.
Indian Assured Lives 
Mortality (2012-14) Ult.
4 Mortality post retirement rate Indian Assured Lives 
Mortality (2012-14) Ult.
Indian Assured Lives 
Mortality (2012-14) Ult.
5 Rate of Employee Turnover 1% to 5% 1% to 5%
Notes:   
(i)  The  actuarial valuation of the defined obligation were carried out at 31st March, 2026. The present value of the defined 
benefit obligation and the related current service cost and past service cost, were measured using the projected Unit 
Credit Method. .   
(ii)  Ris k Exposure   
Through its defined benefit plans, the Company is exposed to some risks, the most significant of which are detailed 
below:  
Interest rate risk :
The defined benefit obligation calculated uses a discount rate based on government bonds. If bond yields fall, the defined 
benefit obligation will tend to increase.  
Salary inflation risk :
Higher than expected increases in salary will increase the defined benefit obligation.  
Demographic risk :
This is the risk of variability of results due to unsystematic nature of decrements that include mortality, withdrawal, 
disability and retirement. The effect of these decrements on the defined benefit obligation is not straight forward and 
depends upon the combination of salary increase, discount rate and vesting criteria. It is important not to overstate 
withdrawals because in the financial analysis the retirement benefit of a short career employee typically costs less per 
year as compared to a long service employee.  
32. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVE AND POLICIES
The Company’s principal financial liabilities comprise of loans and borrowings, trade payables and other financial liabilities. 
The main purpose of these financial liabilities is to finance the Company’s operations. The Company’s principal financial 
assets include trade and other receivables, and cash and short-term deposits that derive directly from its operations. The 
Company also enters into derivative contracts.     
The Company is exposed to the following risks from its use of financial instruments:
- Credit risk
- Liquidity risk
- Interest rate risk
- Currency risk     
NOTES TO STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 ST MARCH, 2026 
238

--- page 242 ---
- Price risk     
The Company’s board of directors has overall responsibility for the establishment and oversight of the company’s risk 
management framework. This note presents information about the risks associated with its financial instruments, the 
Company’s objectives, policies and processes for measuring and managing risk, and the Company’s management of 
capital.      
Credit Risk
The Company is exposed to credit risk as a result of the risk of counterparties non performance or default on their obligations. 
The Company’s exposure to credit risk primarily relates to investments in fixed deposits with banks, accounts receivable 
and cash and cash equivalents. The Company monitors and limits its exposure to credit risk on a continuous basis. The 
Company’s credit risk associated with accounts receivable is primarily related to party not able to settle their obligation as 
agreed. To manage this the Company periodically reviews the financial reliability of its customers, taking into account the 
financial condition, current economic trends and analysis of historical bad debts and ageing of accounts receivables. 
Trade receivables
Trade receivables represent the most significant exposure to credit risk and are stated after an allowance for impairment and 
expected credit loss.     
Bank, Cash and cash equivalents
Bank, Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash in hand and deposits which are readily convertible to cash. These are subject 
to insignificant risk of change in value or credit risk.     
The carrying amount of financial assets represents the maximum credit exposure. The maximum exposure to credit risk at 
the reporting date was:     
C in Lacs 
Particulars 31-Mar-26 31-Mar-25
Trade receivables  5,626.69  10,172.82 
Bank, Cash and cash equivalents  9,136.47  9,617.93 
Impairment losses
C in Lacs 
Particulars 31-Mar-26 31-Mar-25
Trade receivables (measured under life time excepted credit loss model)
Opening balance  1.82  28.08 
Provided during the year  12.46  (26.26 )
Closing balance  14.28  1.82 
Ageing analysis
C in Lacs 
Particulars 31-Mar-26 31-Mar-25
Upto 3 months  5,613.98  10,121.75 
3-6 months  3.66  7.35 
More than 6 months  23.33  45.55 
 5,640.97  10,174.64 
No significant changes in estimation techniques or assumptions were made during the reporting period.   
NOTES TO STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 ST MARCH, 2026 (Contd.)
Financial Statements Statutory Reports Corporate Overview
Manorama Industries Limited
Annual Report 2025-26
239

--- page 243 ---
Liquidity risk 
The Company is exposed to liquidity risk related to its ability to fund its obligations as they become due. The Company 
monitors and manages its liquidity risk to ensure access to sufficient funds to meet operational and financial requirements. 
The Company has access to credit facilities and debt capital markets and monitors cash balances daily. In relation to the 
Company’s liquidity risk, the Company’s policy is to ensure, as far as possible, that it will always have sufficient liquidity to 
meet its liabilities when due, under both normal and stressed conditions as they fall due while minimizing finance costs, 
without incurring unacceptable losses or risking damage to the Company’s reputation.   
Financing arrangements  
The contractual undiscounted cash flows of financial liabilities are as follows
C in Lacs 
Particulars 31-Mar-26 31-Mar-25
Working capital facilities from banks  28,654.65  1,340.33 
Further, the Company is having financial commitment in respect of capital contribution to subsidiaries companies as on  
31 March, 2026 Rs.785.61 Lacs (Previous year Rs. 2000.96 Lacs).
Maturities of financial liabilities
The Company has access to following undrawn borrowing facilities at the end of the reporting period::
C in Lacs 
As at 31 March 2026 Less than 1 
year 
<1-5 years More than 5 
years
Total 
Borrowings  32,147.37  3,248.29  32.95  35,428.61 
Lease liabilities  31.73  86.65  -    118.38 
Trade payables  7,973.96  -    -    7,973.96 
Other financial liabilities  3,521.37  -    -    3,521.37 
 43,674.44  3,334.93  32.95  47,042.32 
C in Lacs 
As at 31 March 2025 Less than 1 
year 
<1-5 years More than 5 
years
Total 
Borrowings  43,798.25  4,285.39  -    48,083.64 
Lease liabilities  33.46  112.47  145.93 
Trade payables  1,430.76  -    -    1,430.76 
Other financial liabilities  1,013.17  -    -    1,013.17 
 46,275.63  4,397.86  -    50,673.49 
Interest rate risk 
Interest rate risk is the risk that an upward movement in the interest rate would adversely effect the borrowing cost of the 
company. The Company is exposed to long term and short-term borrowings, Commercial Paper Program. The Company 
manages interest rate risk by monitoring its mix of fixed and floating rate instruments, and taking action as necessary to 
maintain an appropriate balance. 
The exposure of the Company’s borrowings to interest rate changes at the end of the reporting period are as follows:
:
NOTES TO STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 ST MARCH, 2026
240

--- page 244 ---
a) Interest rate risk exposure
C in Lacs 
Particulars 31-Mar-26 31-Mar-25
Variable rate borrowings  35,283.36  47,889.34 
Fixed rate borrowings  145.25  194.30 
b) Sensitivity analysis
Profit or loss estimate to higher/lower interest rate expense from borrowings as a result of changes in interest rates.  
C in Lacs 
Impact on profit after tax 
Particulars 31-Mar-26 31-Mar-25
Interest rates - increase by 70 basis points  (246.98)  (335.23)
Interest rates - decrease by 70 basis points  246.98  335.23 
FOREX EXPOSURE RISK  
The Company operates internationally and portion of the business is transacted in several currencies and consequently the 
Company is exposed to foreign exchange risk through purchases from overseas suppliers in various foreign currencies.
Foreign currency exchange rate exposure is partly balanced by hedging of exposure by forward contract of sale of goods in 
the respective currencies.
The Company evaluates exchange rate exposure arising from foreign currency transactions and the Company follows 
established risk management policies to foreign currency risk.
C in Lacs 
Particulars Currency 31-Mar-26 31-Mar-25
Trade Payables USD  22.23  11.19 
Trade Payables EURO  37.54  2.85 
Receivable USD  30.74  108.95 
Receivable EURO  0.83  -   
Profit or loss estimate to higher/lower as a result of changes in foreign exchange rates- 
C in Lacs 
Impact on profit after tax 
Particulars 31-Mar-26 31-Mar-25
Foreign exchange rates - increase by 1%  23.96  (4.51)
Foreign exchange rates - decrease by 1%  (23.96)  4.51 
33. CAPITAL MANAGEMENT
The Company’s main objectives when managing capital are to:
-  ensur e sufficient liquidity is available (either through cash and cash equivalents, investments or committed credit 
facilities) to meet   the needs of the business;
·  ensur e compliance with covenants related to its credit facilities; and
·  minimiz e finance costs while taking into consideration current and future industry, market and economic risks and 
conditions.
·  saf eguard its ability to continue as a going concern
NOTES TO STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 ST MARCH, 2026
Financial Statements Statutory Reports Corporate Overview
Manorama Industries Limited
Annual Report 2025-26
241

--- page 245 ---
·  to maintain  an ef fi cient mix of debt and equity funding thus achieving an optimal capital structure and cost of capital.
The Board of Directors has the primary responsibility to maintain a strong capital base and reduce the cost of capital through 
prudent management of deployed funds and leveraging opportunities in domestic and international financial markets so as 
to maintain investor, creditor and market confidence and to sustain future development of the business.  
For the purpose of Company’s capital management, capital includes issued capital and all other equity reserves. The Company 
manages its capital structure in light of changes in the economic and regulatory environment and the requirements of the 
financial covenants.   
The Company manages its capital on the basis of net debt to equity ratio which is net debt (total borrowings including lease 
liabilities net of cash and cash equivalents) divided by total equity  
C in Lacs 
Particulars 31 March 2026 31 March 2025
Total debt including lease liabilities  35,546.99  48,229.57 
Less : Bank, Cash and cash equivalent  9,136.47  9,617.93 
Net debt  26,410.52  38,611.64 
Total equity  69,486.12  46,191.59 
Net debt to equity ratio  0.38  0.84 
During the year the company has complied with major covenants of the terms of sanction of the loan facilities throughout 
the year.  
34. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS - ACCOUNTING CLASSIFICATIONS AND FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS 
 The  following methods and assumptions were used to estimate the fair values:     
1. F air value of cash and short-term deposits, trade and other short term receivables, trade payables, other current liabilities, 
short term loans from banks and other financial institutions approximate their carrying amounts largely due to the short-
term maturities of these instruments.
2. Fina ncial instruments with fixed and variable interest rates are evaluated by the Company based on parameters such 
as interest rates and individual credit worthiness of the counter party. Based on this evaluation, allowances are taken to 
account for the expected losses of these receivables.
 The  Company uses the following hierarchy for determining and disclosing the fair value of financial instruments by 
valuation technique:
 Le vel 1 : quoted (unadjusted)prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities
 Le vel 2 : other techniques for which all inputs which have a significant effect on the recorded fair value are observable, 
either directly of indirectly
 Le vel 3 : techniques which use inputs that have a significant effect on the recorded fair value that are not based on 
observable market data
NOTES TO STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 ST MARCH, 2026
242

--- page 246 ---
C in Lacs 
Carrying amount
As at 31.03.2026 Level 1 Level 2 Level 3
Financial assets at amortised cost:
Investments 1,028.49
Trade receivables 5,626.69  -    -    -   
Other financial assets  4,874.02 
Bank, Cash and bank balances 9,136.47  -    -    -   
20,665.67  -    -    -   
Financial liabilities at amortised cost:
Long term borrowings 3,281.24  -    -    -   
Lease Liabilities 118.38
Short term borrowings 32,147.37  -    -    -   
Trade payables 7,973.96  -    -    -   
Other financial liabilities 3,521.37  -    -    -   
Total 47,042.32  -    -    -   
C in Lacs 
Carrying amount
As at 31.03.2025 Level 1 Level 2 Level 3
Financial assets at amortised cost:
Investments  49.89 
Trade receivables 10,172.82  -    -    -   
Other financial assets 557.59
Bank, Cash and bank balances 9,617.93  -    -    -   
20,398.22  -    -    -   
Financial liabilities at amortised cost:
Long term borrowings 4,285.39  -    -    -   
Short term borrowings 43,798.25  -    -    -   
Lease liabilities 145.93  -    -    -   
Trade payables 1,430.76  -    -    -   
Other financial liabilities 1,013.17  -    -    -   
Total 50,673.49  -    -    -   
During the reporting period ending 31st March, 2026 and 31st March, 2025, there were no transfers between Level 1 and Level 
2 fair value measurements.
35. LEASES:
Company as a lessee
The Company has lease contract for properties used for office purpose. Leases of properties have lease terms of 5 years. 
The Company’s obligations under its leases are secured by the lessor’s title to the leased assets. Generally, the Company is 
restricted from assigning and subleasing the leased assets. 
Set out below are the carrying amounts of right-of-use assets recognised and the movements during the period:
C in Lacs
Particulars Amount
As at 1 April' 2025  139.14 
Additions  -   
Depreciation expense  33.06 
As at 31 March' 2026  106.08 
NOTES TO STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 ST MARCH, 2026
Financial Statements Statutory Reports Corporate Overview
Manorama Industries Limited
Annual Report 2025-26
243

--- page 247 ---
Set out below are the carrying amounts of lease liabilities and the movements during the period:
C in Lacs 
Particulars 2026 2025
As at 1 April' 2025  145.93  -   
Additions  -    164.36 
Accretion of interest  11.75  11.50 
Payments  39.30  29.93 
As at 31 March' 2026  118.38  145.93 
C in Lacs 
Particulars 2026 2025
Current  31.73  33.46 
Non-current  86.65  112.47 
The effective interest rate for lease liabilities is 8.05%, with maturity of 5 years.
Short-term and leases of low value assets
The company applies the short-term lease recognition exemption to its short-term leases (i.e., those leases that have a lease 
term of 12 months or less from the commencement date and do not contain a purchase option). Lease payments on short-
term leases and leases of low-value assets are recognised as expense on a straight-line basis over the lease term..
The following are the amounts recognised in the statement of profit & loss: 
C in Lacs 
Particulars 2026 2025
Depreciation expense of right-of-use assets  33.06  26.18 
Interest expense on lease liabilities  11.75  11.50 
Expense relating to short-term and leases of low-value assets (included in 
other expenses)
 493.94  329.74 
Total amount recognised in profit or loss  538.76  367.42 
The Company had total cash outflows for leases of C 533.24 lacs in 31 March 2026 ( C 359.67 lacs in 31 March 2025). The 
Company also had non-cash additions to right-of-use assets and lease liabilities of C Nil in 31 March 2026 ( C 164.36 lacs in 
31 March 2025).   
36. DETAILS OF CSR EXPENDITURE:
C in Lacs 
Particulars Year ended 
31 March, 2026
Year ended 
31 March, 2025
Amount approved by the Board to be spent during the year  162.93  86.45 
(i) Gross amount required to be spent by the company during the year  
(Two percent of average net profit of the company as per section 135(5))
 162.93  86.45 
(ii) Excess Amount Spent in Previous financial year  4.17  -   
(iii) Net amount to be spent in the Financial Year (i)-(ii)  158.76  86.45 
(iv) Total amount spent for the Financial Year  166.15  90.61 
(v) Excess amount spent for the financial year (iv)-(iii)  7.39  4.17 
(vi) Amount available for set off in succeeding financial years  7.39  4.17 
NOTES TO STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 ST MARCH, 2026 
244

--- page 248 ---
Amount Spent during the year ended 31.03.2026 In Cash Yet to be paid  
in cash
 Total 
Constructions/acquisition of any assets  -    -    -   
On purpose other than above  166.15  -    166.15 
Amount Spent during the year ended 31.03.2025 In Cash Yet to be paid  
in cash
 Total 
Constructions/acquisition of any assets  -    -    -   
On purpose other than above  90.61  -    90.61 
Details related to spent/unspent obligations  31.03.2026  31.03.2025 
i)  Contribution to Public Trust  -    -   
ii) Contribution to Charitable Trust  125.73  46.45 
iii) Unspent amount in relation to:
      -     Ongoing project           -    -   
      -   Other than ongoing project  -    -   
37. TAX EXPENSE
C in Lacs 
Particulars  31.03.2026  31.03.2025 
i) Tax expense recognised in statement of profit or loss
a) Current tax 
 Income Tax for the period  8,197.55  3,701.67 
Tax related to earlier years  85.64  -   
 8,283.19  3,701.67 
C in Lacs 
Particulars  31.03.2026  31.03.2025 
b) Deferred tax 
Origination of temporary differences  (9.26) (73.81) 
 (9.26) (73.81) 
Total Tax expense  8,273.93  3,627.86 
ii) Tax recognised in Other Comprehensive Income
C in Lacs 
Particulars  31.03.2026  31.03.2025 
Remeasurements of defined benefit plans  59.72  3.69 
 59.72  3.69 
NOTES TO STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 ST MARCH, 2026 
Financial Statements Statutory Reports Corporate Overview
Manorama Industries Limited
Annual Report 2025-26
245

--- page 249 ---
iii) Reconciliation of tax expense and accounting profit  
C in Lacs 
Particulars  31.03.2026  31.03.2025 
Accounting profit before tax from continuing operations  31,595.90  14,832.87 
Expected Tax Rate 25.17% 25.17%
Tax using the Company’s domestic tax rate  7,952.06  3,733.14 
Adjustments in respect of current income tax of previous years  85.64  -   
Expense not allowed for tax purpose  43.08  27.45 
Deduction under chapter VIA  (22.69)  (16.60) 
Other temporary differences  215.85 (116.13) 
Effective income tax rate 26.19% 24.46%
Income tax reported in the statement of profit and loss  8,273.93  3,627.86 
38. FINANCIAL RATIOS
Particulars Numerator Denominator As at 
31.03.2026
As at 
31.03.2025
% Variance
1. Current Ratio
The current ratio indicates a company’s 
overall liquidity position. It is widely used 
by banks in making decisions regarding 
the advancing of working capital credit 
to their clients.
Current Assets Current 
Liabilities
2.00 1.67 19.83
2. Debt-Equity Ratio
Debt-to-equity ratio compares a 
Company’s total debt including lease 
liabilities to shareholders equity. Both 
of these numbers can be found in a 
Company’s balance sheet.
Total Debt 
including lease 
liabilities
Total 
Shareholders' 
Equity
0.51 1.04 -50.86
3. Debt Service Coverage Ratio 
Debt Service coverage ratio is used 
to analyse the firm’s ability to pay-off 
current interest and instalments.
Net Profit 
after taxes + 
depreciation and 
amortizations + 
Interest +loss/
(profit) on sale of 
PPE etc.
Interest + 
Principal 
Repayments
6.50 3.43 89.42
4. Return on Equity Ratio
It measures the profitability of equity 
funds invested in the Company. The 
ratio reveals how profitability of the 
equity-holders’ funds have been utilized 
by the Company. It also measures the 
percentage return generated to equity-
holders.
Net Profits after 
taxes
Average 
Shareholders' 
Equity
40.32% 28.05% 43.75
NOTES TO STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 ST MARCH, 2026 
246

--- page 250 ---
Particulars Numerator Denominator As at 
31.03.2026
As at 
31.03.2025
% Variance
5. Inventory turnover ratio 
This ratio also known as stock turnover 
ratio and it establishes the relationship 
between the cost of goods sold during 
the period or sales during the period 
and average inventory held during the 
period. It measures the efficiency with 
which a Company utilizes or manages 
its inventory.
Sales Average 
Inventory
 6.58  5.25 25.45
6. Trade Receivables turnover ratio
It measures the efficiency at which the 
company is managing the receivables.
Net Credit Sales Average Trade 
Receivables
17.13 10.69 60.25
7. Trade payables turnover ratio 
It indicates the number of times sundry 
creditors have been paid during a period. 
It is calculated to judge the requirements 
of cash for paying sundry creditors. It 
is calculated by dividing the net credit 
purchases by average creditors.
Net credit 
purchases
Average Trade 
payables
19.33 20.71 -6.66
8. Net capital turnover ratio
It indicates a company’s effectiveness in 
using its working capital.
Net Sales Working Capital 2.92 2.41 21.15
9. Net profit ratio
It measures the relationship between 
net profit and sales of the business.
Net Profit Net Sales 17.18% 14.54% 18.17
10. Return on Capital employed 
Return on capital employed indicates 
the ability of a company’s management 
to generate returns for both the debt 
holders and the equity holders. Higher 
the ratio, more efficiently is the capital 
being employed by the company to 
generate returns.
Earning before 
interest and 
taxes
Tangible Net 
Worth + Total 
Debt + Deferred 
Tax Liabilities
33.60% 19.81% 69.60
Note : Reasons for variance in ratios for more than or less than 25% are as follows: 
i.   Deb t equity ratio decreased mainly on account of decrease in borrowings as compared to previous year.
ii.  Deb t service coverage, Return on Capital employed and Return on Equity ratio is increased mainly on account of increase 
in profitability as compared to previous year. 
iii.  Inv entory turnover ratio and Trade receivable turnover ratio increased because of substaintial increase in turnover during 
the year and decrease in trade receivable as compared to previous year.
NOTES TO STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 ST MARCH, 2026
Financial Statements Statutory Reports Corporate Overview
Manorama Industries Limited
Annual Report 2025-26
247

--- page 251 ---
39. DISTRIBUTION MADE AND PROPOSED:
C in Lacs 
31 March 2026 31 March 2025
Final dividends on Equity shares:
Final dividend for the year ended on 31 March 2026: C 0.60 per share (previous 
year C 0.40 per share) 
 357.68  238.40 
Proposed dividends on Equity shares:
Proposed dividend for the year ended on 31 March 2026: C 0.80 per share (31 
March 2025: C 0.60 per share)
 477.67  357.59 
Proposed final dividends on equity shares are subject to approval at the annual general meeting and are not recognised as a 
liability as at 31 March 2026. 
40. SEGMENT REPORTING
The Company’s only identifiable reportable Business segment is Manufacturing of Exotic Seed based Fats and Butters 
including Cocoa Butter Equivalent (CBE). Further , the Company operates and controls its business activities within/from  
India, except export of goods. Hence disclosure of Segment wise information is not applicable under Indian Accounting 
Standard - 108 “Segment Information” (Ind AS-108) .
41. No proceedings have been initiated or pending against the company for holding any benami property under the Benami 
Transactions (Prohibition) Act, 1988 (45 of 1988) and rules made thereunder..
42. None of the banks, financial institutions or other lenders from whom the company has borrowed funds has declared the 
company as a wilful defaulter at any time during the current  year or in previous year.
43. The Company has working capital facilities from banks on the basis of security of current assets & submitting quarterly 
Financial Follow up Report as per the terms & conditions of sanction letters. There are no material discrepancies in the 
amount of current assets between Financial Follow Report and books of accounts.
44. All the charges or satisfaction of which is required to be registered with Registrar of Companies(ROC) have been duly 
registered within the statutory time limit provided under the provisions of Companies Act 2013 and rules made thereunder.
45. The company has not undertaken any transactions with companies struck off under section 248 of the Companies Act 2013 
or section 560 of Companies Act 1956 during the current year or in previous year.
46. The Company has not made any loans or advances in the nature of loans to Promoters,Directors,KMP’s and the related 
parties which are outstanding as at the end of the current year and previous year.
47. All the transactions are recorded in the books of accounts and there was no income that has been surrendered or disclosed 
as income during the year in the tax assessments under the Income Tax Act, 1961. Also there was no previously unrecorded 
income and related assets which has been recorded in the books of account during the year.
48. The company has complied with the number of layers of companies prescribed under clause (87) of section 2 of the Act read 
with the Companies (Restriction on number of Layers) Rules, 2017.
49. No scheme of compromise or arrangement has been proposed between the company & its members or the company & its 
creditors under section 230 of the Companies Act 2013 (“The Act”) and accordingly the disclosure as to whether the scheme 
of  compromise or arrangement has been approved or not by the  competent authority in terms of provisions of  sections 
230 to 237 of the Act is not applicable.
NOTES TO STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 ST MARCH, 2026
248

--- page 252 ---
NOTES TO STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 ST MARCH, 2026
50.
The company has not advanced or loaned or invested funds  to any other persons or entities, including foreign entities 
(Intermediaries) with the understanding, whether recorded in writing or otherwise, that the Intermediary shall directly or 
indirectly lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or on behalf of the company 
(Ultimate Beneficiaries) or  provide any guarantee, security or the like to or on behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries. Further, 
the company has not received any fund from any persons or entities, including foreign entities (Funding Party) with the 
understanding , whether recorded in writing or otherwise, that the company shall  directly or indirectly lend or invest in other 
persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or on behalf of the Funding Party (Ultimate Beneficiaries) or  
provide any guarantee, security or the like on behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries.
51. The company has neither traded nor invested in Crypto Currency or Virtual Currency during the financial year.
52.
The Government of India had announced the implementation of the four Labour Codes - The Code on Wages, 2019, The 
Industrial Relations Code, 2020, The Code on Social Security, 2020 and The Occupational Safety, Health and Working 
Conditions Code, 2020 (collectively referred to as ‘the New Labour Codes’) with effect from 21 November 2025, The Ministry 
of Labour & Employment had issued draft Central Rules and FAQs to facilitate assessment of the financial impact arising 
from these regulatory changes. On the basis of information available and actuarial valuation, the Company has assessed and 
accounted the impact of these changes, which is not significant. 
53. Previous year figures have been regroupped/rearranged wherever necessary.
 For Singhi & Co. For and on behalf of the Board of Directors of Manorama Industries Limited
 Chartered Accountants 
 (ICAI Firm Regn. No:302049E) 
Sanjay Kumar Dewangan Ashish Ramesh Saraf Ashok Jain
 Partner Managing Director CFO & Whole time director
 Membership No.: 409524 DIN-00183357 DIN-09791163
Shrey Ashish Saraf Deepak Sharma
Director Company Secretary
DIN-07907037 ACS 48707
Raipur 
 11th May, 2026
Financial Statements Statutory Reports Corporate Overview
Manorama Industries Limited
Annual Report 2025-26
249

--- page 253 ---
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT
TO THE MEMBERS OF MANORAMA INDUSTRIES LIMITED
Report on the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements
Opinion
We have audited the accompanying consolidated financial 
statements of MANORAMA INDUSTRIES LIMITED (hereinafter 
referred to as the “Holding Company”) and its subsidiaries 
(Holding Company and its subsidiaries together referred to 
as the “Group”), which comprise the consolidated Balance 
Sheet as at March 31, 2026, and the consolidated statement 
of Profit and Loss (including Other Comprehensive Income), 
the consolidated statement of changes in equity and the 
consolidated cash flows Statement for the year then ended, 
and notes to the consolidated financial statements, including 
a summary of material accounting policies (hereinafter 
referred to as “the consolidated financial statements”).
In our opinion and to the best of our information and according 
to the explanations given to us, the aforesaid consolidated 
financial statements give the information required by the 
Companies Act, 2013 (the “Act”) in the manner so required 
and give a true and fair view in conformity with the Indian 
Accounting Standards prescribed under section 133 of the 
Act read with the Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) 
Rules, 2015, as amended, (“Ind AS”) and other accounting 
principles generally accepted in India, of their consolidated 
state of affairs of the Holding Company as at March 31, 2026, 
of consolidated profit (including total comprehensive income), 
consolidated changes in equity and its consolidated cash 
flows for the year ended on that date.
Basis for Opinion
We conducted our audit in accordance with the Standards 
on Auditing (SAs) specified under section 143(10) of the 
Act. Our responsibilities under those Standards are further 
described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the 
Consolidated Financial Statements section of our report. We 
are independent of the Group in accordance with the Code 
of Ethics issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of 
India (“ICAI”) together with the ethical requirements that are 
relevant to our audit of the consolidated financial statements 
under the provisions of the Act and the Rules thereunder, 
and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in 
accordance with these requirements and the ICAI’s Code of 
Ethics. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained 
is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit 
opinion on the consolidated financial statements.
Key Audit Matters
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional 
judgment and based on the consideration of the reports of the 
other auditors on separate financial statements / consolidated 
financial statements and on the other financial information 
of the subsidiaries, were of most significance in our audit of 
the consolidated financial statements of the current period. 
These matters were addressed in the context of our audit 
of the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in 
forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate 
opinion on these matters.
We have determined that there are no key audit matters to be 
communicated in our report.
Information Other than the Consolidated Financial 
Statements and Auditor’s Report Thereon
The Holding Company’s Board of Directors is responsible 
for the other information. The other information comprises 
the information included in the Management Discussion 
and Analysis, Board’s Report including Annexures to Board’s 
Report and Corporate Governance but does not include 
consolidated financial statements and our auditors report 
thereon.
Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not 
cover the other information and we do not express any form 
of assurance conclusion thereon.
In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial 
statements, our responsibility is to read the other information 
and, in doing so, consider whether the other information 
is materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial 
statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or 
otherwise appears to be materially misstated. 
If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that 
there is a material misstatement of this other information, we 
are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in 
this regard.
Responsibilities of Management and Those Charged with 
Governance for the Consolidated Financial Statements
The Holding Company’s Board of Directors is responsible 
for the preparation and presentation of these consolidated 
financial statements in term of the requirements of the 
Companies Act, 2013 that give a true and fair view of the 
consolidated financial position, consolidated financial 
performance and consolidated cash flows of the Group in 
accordance with the Ind AS and other accounting principles 
generally accepted in India. The respective Board of Directors 
of the companies included in the Group are responsible for 
250

--- page 254 ---
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT (Contd.)
maintenance of adequate accounting records in accordance 
with the provisions of the Act for safeguarding the assets 
of the Group and for preventing and detecting frauds and 
other irregularities; selection and application of appropriate 
accounting policies; making judgments and estimates that 
are reasonable and prudent; and the design, implementation 
and maintenance of adequate internal financial controls, 
that were operating effectively for ensuring accuracy and 
completeness of the accounting records, relevant to the 
preparation and presentation of the consolidated financial 
statements that give a true and fair view and are free from 
material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, 
which have been used for the purpose of preparation of the 
consolidated financial statements by the Directors of the 
Holding Company, as aforesaid.
In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the 
respective Board of Directors of the companies included in the 
Group are responsible for assessing the ability of the Group 
to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, 
matters related to going concern and using the going concern 
basis of accounting unless management either intends to 
liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or has no realistic 
alternative but to do so.
The respective Board of Directors of the companies included 
in the Group are responsible for overseeing the financial 
reporting process of the Group.
Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated 
Financial Statements
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about 
whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole 
are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud 
or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our 
opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, 
but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance 
with SAs will always detect a material misstatement when it 
exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are 
considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they 
could reasonably be expected to influence the economic 
decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated 
financial statements.
As part of an audit in accordance with SAs, we exercise 
professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism 
throughout the audit. We also:
l Iden tify and assess the risks of material misstatement 
of the consolidated financial statements, whether due 
to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures 
responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that 
is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our 
opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement 
resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from 
error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional 
omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal 
control.
l Obt ain an understanding of internal financial controls 
relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures 
that are appropriate in the circumstances. Under 
Section 143(3)(i) of the Act, we are also responsible 
for expressing our opinion on whether the Group has 
in place an adequate internal financial controls system 
over financial reporting and the operating effectiveness 
of such controls.
l Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies 
used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates 
and related disclosures made by management.
l Con clude on the appropriateness of Management’s use 
of the going concern basis of accounting and, based 
on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material 
uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that 
may cast significant doubt on the ability of the Group 
to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a 
material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw 
attention in our auditors’ report to the related disclosures 
in the consolidated financial statements or, if such 
disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our 
conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained 
up to the date of our auditors’ report. However, future 
events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to 
continue as a going concern.
l Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content 
of the consolidated financial statements, including the 
disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial 
statements represent the underlying transactions and 
events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.
l Obt ain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding 
the financial information of the entities or business 
activities within the Group to express an opinion on the 
consolidated financial statements. We are responsible 
for the direction, supervision and performance of the 
audit of the financial statements of such entities included 
in the consolidated financial statements.
Materiality is the magnitude of misstatements in the 
consolidated financial statements that, individually or in 
Financial Statements Statutory Reports Corporate Overview
Manorama Industries Limited
Annual Report 2025-26
251

--- page 255 ---
aggregate, makes it probable that the economic decisions of a 
reasonably knowledgeable user of the consolidated financial 
statements may be influenced. We consider quantitative 
materiality and qualitative factors in (i) planning the scope of 
our audit work and in evaluating the results of our work; and 
(ii) to evaluate the effect of any identified misstatements in 
the consolidated financial statements.
We communicate with those charged with governance 
regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and 
timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including 
any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify 
during our audit.
We also provide those charged with governance with a 
statement that we have complied with relevant ethical 
requirements regarding independence, and to communicate 
with them all relationships and other matters that may 
reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and 
where applicable, related safeguards.
From the matters communicated with those charged with 
governance, we determine those matters that were of 
most significance in the audit of the consolidated financial 
statements of the current period and are therefore key audit 
matters in our audit report unless law or regulation precludes 
public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely 
rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should 
not be communicated in our report because the adverse 
consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to 
outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.
Other Matters
We did not audit the financial statements of seven subsidiaries, 
whose financial statements reflect total assets of Rs.1960.20 
lacs as at 31st March, 2026, total revenues of Rs.1548.70 
lacs and net cash flows of Rs.119.13 lacs for the year ended 
on that date, as considered in the consolidated financial 
statements. These financial statements have been audited 
by other auditors whose reports have been furnished to us 
by the Management and our opinion on the consolidated 
financial statements, in so far as it relates to the amounts and 
disclosures included in respect of these subsidiaries, and our 
report in terms of sub-sections (3) and (11) of Section 143 of 
the Act, in so far as it relates to the aforesaid subsidiaries, is 
based solely on the reports of the other auditors.
The consolidated financial statements also include two 
subsidiaries, whose financial statements reflect total assets 
of Rs.1515.75 lacs as at 31st March, 2026, total revenues of 
Rs. 16016.98 lacs and net cash flows of Rs.153.46 lacs for 
the year ended on that date, as considered in the consolidated 
financial statements, whose financial statements have not 
been audited by us. These unaudited Financial Statements 
have been furnished to us by the Board of Directors and our 
opinion on the consolidated Financial Statements, in so far as 
it relates to the amounts and disclosures included in respect 
of these subsidiaries are based solely on such unaudited 
Financial Statements. In our opinion and according to the 
information and explanations given to us by the Board of 
Directors, these Financial Statements are not material to the 
Group.
Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, and our 
report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements below, is 
not modified in respect of the above matters with respect to 
our reliance on the work done and financial statements are 
certified by the Board of Directors.
Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements
As required by Section 143(3) of the Act, we report, to the 
extent applicable, that:
(a) We have sought and obtained all the information and 
explanations which to the best of our knowledge and 
belief were necessary for the purposes of our audit of the 
aforesaid consolidated financial statements.
(b)  In our opinion, proper books of account as required by 
law relating to preparation of the aforesaid consolidated 
financial statements have been kept so far as it appears 
from our examination of those books and the reports of 
the other auditors.
(c) The  Consolidated Balance Sheet, the Consolidated 
Statement of Profit and Loss (including other 
comprehensive income), and the Consolidated Cash Flow 
Statement dealt with by this Report are in agreement 
with the relevant books of account maintained for the 
purpose of preparation of the consolidated financial 
statements.
(d) In our opinion, the aforesaid consolidated financial 
statements comply with the Indian Accounting Standards 
specified under Section 133 of the Act.
(e) On the basis of the written representations received 
from the directors of the Holding Company as on 31st 
March, 2026 taken on record by the Board of Directors 
of the Holding Company and the reports of the statutory 
auditors of its subsidiary companies incorporated in 
India, none of the directors of the Group companies 
incorporated in India is disqualified as  on 31st  March, 
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT (Contd.)
252

--- page 256 ---
2026 from  being appointed as a director in terms of 
Section 164 (2) of the Act.
(f)  with respect to the adequacy of the internal financial 
controls over financial reporting of the Group and the 
operating effectiveness of such controls, refer to our 
separate report in “Annexure A”. Our report expresses 
an unmodified opinion on the adequacy and operating 
effectiveness of the Group’s internal financial controls 
over financial reporting.
(g) with  respect to the other matters to be included in the 
Auditors’ Report in accordance with the requirements of 
Section 197 (16) of the Act, as amended:
 In our opinion and to the best of our information 
and according to the explanations given to us, the 
remuneration paid by the Group to its directors during 
the year is in with accordance with the provisions of 
Section 197 of the Act.
(h)  with  respect to the other matters to be included in the 
Auditor’s Report in accordance with Rule 11 of the 
Companies (Audit and Auditor’s) Rules, 2014, in our 
opinion and to the best of our information and according 
to the explanations given to us:
i.    The  consolidated financial statements disclose the 
impact of pending litigations on the consolidated 
financial position of the Group in its consolidated 
financial statements.
ii. The  Group did not have any material foreseeable 
losses on long-term contracts including derivative 
contracts.
iii. The re has been no delay in transferring amounts, 
required to be transferred, to the Investor Education 
and Protection Fund by the Holding Company and 
its subsidiary companies incorporated in India.
iv.  (a)  The respective Managements of the company 
and its subsidiaries which are companies 
incorporated in India, whose financial 
statements have been audited under the 
Act, has represented that, to the best of its 
knowledge and belief, no funds (which are 
material either individually or in the aggregate) 
have been advanced or loaned or invested 
(either from borrowed funds or share premium 
or any other sources or kind of funds) by the 
Company or any of such subsidiaries to or in any 
other person or entity, including foreign entity 
(“Intermediaries”), with the understanding, 
whether recorded in writing or otherwise, that 
the Intermediary shall, whether, directly or 
indirectly lend or invest in other persons or 
entities identified in any  manner whatsoever 
by or on behalf of the Company or any of 
such subsidiaries (“Ultimate Beneficiaries”) or 
provide any guarantee, security or the like on 
behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries;
 (b)  The respective Managements of the company 
and its subsidiaries which are companies 
incorporated in India, whose financial 
statements have been audited under the 
Act, has represented, that, to the best of its 
knowledge and belief, no funds (which are 
material either individually or in the aggregate) 
have been received by the Company or any of 
such subsidiaries from any person or entity, 
including foreign entity (“Funding Parties”), 
with the understanding, whether recorded in 
writing or otherwise, that the Company or any 
of such subsidiaries shall, whether, directly or 
indirectly, lend or invest in other persons or 
entities identified in any manner whatsoever 
by or on behalf of the Funding Party (“Ultimate 
Beneficiaries”) or provide any guarantee, 
security or the like on behalf of the Ultimate 
Beneficiaries;
 (c)  Based  on the audit procedures that have 
been considered reasonable and appropriate 
in the circumstances performed by us on 
the Company and its subsidiaries which 
are companies incorporated in India whose 
financial statements have been audited under 
the Act, nothing has come to our notice that has 
caused us to believe that the representations 
under sub-clause (i) and (ii) of Rule 11(e), as 
provided under (a) and (b) above, contain any 
material misstatement.
(i)   As stated in Note 37 to the consolidated financial 
statements
(a) The  final dividend proposed in the previous 
year, declared and paid by the Holding 
Company during the year is in accordance 
with Section 123 of the Act, as applicable.
(b) The  Board of Directors of the Holding Company 
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT (Contd.)
Financial Statements Statutory Reports Corporate Overview
Manorama Industries Limited
Annual Report 2025-26
253

--- page 257 ---
has not declared and paid any interim dividend 
during the year or before the date of audit 
report for the year ended 31st March, 2026, 
therefore reporting under this clause is not 
applicable.
(c) The  Board of Directors of the Holding 
Company have proposed final dividend for 
the year which is subject to the approval of 
the members at the ensuing Annual General 
Meeting. The amount of dividend proposed is 
in accordance with section 123 of the Act, as 
applicable.
(j)   Based on our examination carried out in accordance 
with the Implementation Guidance on Reporting 
on Audit Trail under Rule 11(g) of the Companies 
(Audit and Auditors) Rules,2014 (Revised) issued 
by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India, 
which included test checks and that performed by 
the respective auditors of the subsidiaries which are 
companies incorporated in India whose financial 
statements have been audited under the Act, we 
report that the company have used an accounting 
software for maintaining its books of account 
which has a feature of recording audit trail (edit log) 
facility and the same has operated throughout the 
year for all relevant transactions recorded in the 
software. Further, during the course of our audit, 
we did not come across any instance of audit trail 
feature being tampered with. Additionally, the audit 
trail has been preserved by the company as per the 
statutory requirements for record retention.
2.   With respect to the matters specified in paragraphs 3(xxi) 
and 4 of the Companies (Auditor’s Report) Order, 2020 
(the “Order”/ “CARO”) issued by the Central Government 
in terms of Section 143(11) of the Act, to be included in 
the Auditor’s report, according to the information and 
explanations given to us, and based on the CARO reports 
issued by us for the Company and its subsidiaries 
included in the consolidated financial statements of the 
Company, to which reporting under CARO is applicable, 
we report that there are no qualifications or adverse 
remarks in these CARO reports.
For Singhi & Co.
(ICAI Firm Regn.302049E)
Chartered Accountants
Sanjay Kumar Dewangan
Partner
Membership number: 409524
UDIN : 26409524RQWZNB8637
Place: Raipur 
Date: 11.05.2026
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT (Contd.)
254

--- page 258 ---
 ANNEXURE - A TO THE INDEPENDENT AUDITORS’ REPORT
Report on the Internal Financial Controls Over Financial 
Reporting under Clause (i) of Sub-section 3 of Section 143 
of the Companies Act, 2013 (the “Act”)
In conjunction with our audit of the consolidated financial 
statements of the Company as of and for the year ended 31 
March 2026, we have audited the internal financial controls 
over financial reporting of MANORAMA INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
(the “Holding Company”) and its subsidiary companies which 
are companies incorporated in India, as of that date.
Management’s Responsibility for Internal Financial Controls
The Respective Board of Directors of the Holding Company and 
its subsidiary companies, which are companies incorporated 
in India, are responsible for establishing and maintaining 
internal financial controls based on the internal control over 
financial reporting criteria established by the Company 
considering the essential components of internal control 
stated in the Guidance Note on Audit of Internal Financial 
Controls over Financial Reporting issued by the Institute of 
Chartered Accountants of India (“ICAI’). These responsibilities 
include the design, implementation and maintenance of 
adequate internal financial controls that were operating 
effectively for ensuring the orderly and efficient conduct of 
its business, including adherence to company’s policies, 
the safeguarding of its assets, the prevention and detection 
of frauds and errors, the accuracy and completeness of the 
accounting records, and the timely preparation of reliable 
financial information, as required under the Act.
Auditors’ Responsibility
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s 
internal financial controls over financial reporting based on 
our audit. We conducted our audit in accordance with the 
Guidance Note on Audit of Internal Financial Controls over 
Financial Reporting (the “Guidance Note”) issued by ICAI and 
the Standards on  Auditing,  issued  by ICAI and  deemed  to 
be prescribed  under section 143(10) of the Act, to the extent 
applicable to an audit of internal financial controls, both 
issued by the ICAI. Those Standards and the Guidance Note 
require that we comply with ethical requirements and plan 
and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about 
whether adequate internal financial controls over financial 
reporting was established and maintained and if such controls 
operated effectively in all material respects.
Our audit involves performing procedures to obtain audit 
evidence about the adequacy of the internal financial 
controls system over financial reporting and their operating 
effectiveness. Our audit of internal financial controls over 
financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of 
internal financial controls over financial reporting, assessing 
the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and 
evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal 
control based on the assessed risk. The procedures selected 
depend on the auditor’s judgment, including the assessment 
of the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated 
financial statements, whether due to fraud or error.
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is 
sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit 
opinion on the Company’s internal financial controls system 
over financial reporting.
Meaning of Internal Financial Controls over Financial 
Reporting
A company’s internal financial control over financial reporting is 
a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding 
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of 
consolidated financial statements for external purposes in 
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A 
company’s internal financial control over financial reporting 
includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the 
maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately 
and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the 
assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that 
transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation 
of consolidated financial statements in accordance with 
generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts 
and expenditures of the company are being made only in 
accordance with authorisations of management and directors 
of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance 
regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorised 
acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that 
could have a material effect on the consolidated financial 
statements.
Inherent Limitations of Internal Financial Controls Over 
Financial Reporting
Because of the inherent limitations of internal financial 
controls over financial reporting, including the possibility 
of collusion or improper management override of controls, 
material misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and 
Financial Statements Statutory Reports Corporate Overview
Manorama Industries Limited
Annual Report 2025-26
255

--- page 259 ---
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT (Contd.)
not be detected. Also, projections of any evaluation of the 
internal financial controls over financial reporting to future 
periods are subject to the risk that the internal financial control 
over financial reporting may become inadequate because of 
changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with 
the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
Opinion
In our opinion, the Holding Company and its subsidiary 
companies, which are companies incorporated in India, have, 
in all material respects, an adequate internal financial controls 
system over financial reporting and such internal financial 
controls over financial reporting were operating effectively as 
at 31 March 2026, based on the internal control over financial 
reporting criteria established by the Group considering 
the essential components of internal control stated in the 
Guidance Note on Audit of Internal Financial Controls Over 
Financial Reporting issued by the ICAI.
For Singhi & Co.
(ICAI Firm Regn.302049E)
Chartered Accountants
Sanjay Kumar Dewangan
Partner
Membership number: 409524
UDIN : 26409524RQWZNB8637
Place: Raipur 
Date: 11.05.2026
256

--- page 260 ---
 For Singhi & Co. For and on behalf of the Board of Directors of Manorama Industries Limited
 Chartered Accountants 
 (ICAI Firm Regn. No:302049E) 
 Sanjay Kumar Dewangan Ashish Ramesh Saraf Ashok Jain
 Partner Managing Director CFO & Whole time director
 Membership No.: 409524 DIN-00183357 DIN-09791163
Shrey Ashish Saraf Deepak Sharma
Director Company Secretary
DIN-07907037 ACS 48707
 Raipur 
 11th May, 2026 
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET
AS AT 31ST MARCH, 2026
  C in Lacs 
Particulars Notes As at  
31st March, 2026
As at  
31st March, 2025
ASSETS
Non-Current Assets
(a) Property, Plant and Equipment 3  19,315.76  17,476.32 
(b) Capital work-in-progress 4.1  1,821.68  240.38 
(c) Other intangible assets 4.2  185.78  -   
(d) Intangible assets under development 4.3  -    229.87 
(e) Right-of-use assets 5  106.08  139.14 
(f) Financial assets
     (i) Other financial assets 6  4,810.36  482.80 
(g) Other non-current assets 7  348.73  745.32 
 26,588.39  19,313.83 
Current Assets
(a) Inventories 8  72,777.66  55,048.08 
(b) Financial assets
(i)  Trade Receivables 9  6,249.13  10,172.82 
(ii) Cash and cash equivalents 10  994.05  265.21 
(iii) Bank balances other than Cash and cash equivalents mentioned 
above
10  8,393.39  9,569.35 
 (iv) Other financial assets 6  66.46  75.16 
(c) Other current assets 7  4,881.65  3,887.73 
 93,362.34  79,018.36 
Total Assets  119,950.73  98,332.19 
EQUITY AND LIABILITIES
Equity
(a) Equity share capital 11  1,194.17  1,191.98 
(b) Other equity 12  67,018.72  44,780.21 
 68,212.89  45,972.19 
Liabilities
Non-Current Liabilities
(a) Financial Liabilities
     (i) Borrowings 13  3,281.24  4,285.39 
     (ii) Lease liabilities 35  86.65  112.47 
(b) Deferred tax liabilities (Net) 14  283.58  352.57 
(c) Other non-current liabilities 15  53.17  60.50 
(d) Provisions 16  709.94  187.20 
 4,414.59  4,998.13 
Current Liabilities
(a) Financial Liabilities
(i)   Borrowings 17  32,176.33  43,798.25 
(ii)   Lease liabilities 35  31.73  33.46 
(iii) Trade payables 18
total outstanding dues of micro enterprises and small enterprises"  8.96  64.39 
total outstanding dues of creditors other than micro enterprises 
and small enterprises"
 9,072.91  1,384.32 
(iv)  Other Financial Liabilities 19  3,552.24  1,035.91 
(b) Other current liabilities 15  1,572.64  323.17 
(c) Provisions 16  42.39  19.02 
(d) Current tax liabilities (Net)  866.04  703.35 
 47,323.25  47,361.87 
Total Equity and Liabilities  119,950.73  98,332.19 
  Summary of material accounting policies 2.2
 The accompanying notes are integral part of the financial statements. 
 As per our report of even date.
Financial Statements Statutory Reports Corporate Overview
Manorama Industries Limited
Annual Report 2025-26
257

--- page 261 ---
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT AND LOSS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 ST MARCH, 2026
 C in Lacs  C in Lacs
Particulars Note 
No.
31.03.2026 31.03.2025
INCOME
Revenue from operations 20 1,36,673.89  77,084.19 
Other income 21  1,035.32  2,100.42 
Total Revenue  1,37,709.21  79,184.61 
EXPENDITURE
Cost of materials consumed 22  87,633.72  37,352.20 
Changes in inventories of finished goods, by-product and stock-in-trade 23 (14298.87)  2,415.36 
Employee benefits expense 24  7,230.93  4,999.21 
Finance costs 25  3,787.24  3,918.74 
Depreciation and amortization expense 26  2,565.15  2,213.39 
Other expenses 27  19,974.84  13,677.32 
Total Expenses  106,893.02  64,576.21 
Profit before tax  30,816.19  14,608.40 
Tax expense:
Current Tax  8,333.66  3,703.26 
Deferred Tax (9.26) (73.81)
Total income tax expense  8,324.39  3,629.45 
Profit (Loss) for the period  22,491.80  10,978.95 
Other Comprehensive Income
Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss
Re-measurement gain/(loss) on defined benefit plans, Gross (237.28) (14.65)
Income tax relating to items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss  59.72  3.69 
Total Other Comprehensive Income (Net of Tax) (177.56) (10.96)
Total Comprehensive Income for the Period  22,314.23  10,967.99 
Net Profit/(loss) attributable to:
a) Owners of the Company  22,491.80  10,978.95 
b) Non Controlling Interest  -    -   
 22,491.80  10,978.95 
Total Comprehensive income attributable to:
a) Owners of the Company  22,314.23  10,967.99 
b) Non Controlling Interest  -    -   
 22,314.23  10,967.99 
Earnings per equity share [nominal value of share @C 2/- (31st March, 2025 C 2/-) 28
 Basic (in C)  37.67  18.42 
 Diluted (in C)  37.66  18.35 
 Summary of material accounting policies 2.2
 The accompanying notes are integral part of the financial statements. 
As per our report of even date.
 For Singhi & Co. For and on behalf of the Board of Directors of Manorama Industries Limited
 Chartered Accountants 
 (ICAI Firm Regn. No:302049E) 
 Sanjay Kumar Dewangan Ashish Ramesh Saraf Ashok Jain
 Partner Managing Director CFO & Whole time director
 Membership No.: 409524 DIN-00183357 DIN-09791163
Shrey Ashish Saraf Deepak Sharma
Director Company Secretary
DIN-07907037 ACS 48707
 Raipur 
 11th May, 2026 
258

--- page 262 ---
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 ST MARCH, 2026
 C in Lacs
Particulars Notes 31.03.2026 31.03.2025
Cash Flow From Operating Activities
Profit before tax and prior period items  30,816.19  14,608.40 
Adjustments for :
Depreciation  2,565.15  2,213.39 
Finance cost  3,787.24  3,918.74 
Provision for employee benefits  308.84  71.65 
Exchange difference on translation of assets and liabilities,Net (223.66)  6.66 
Provision/Allowances for credit loss on debtors  12.46 (26.26)
Provision for employee stock option  235.24  1,535.13 
Profit on sale of property, plant and equipment (33.80) (9.40)
Interest income (756.58) (745.08)
Operating Profit Before Working Capital Changes  36,711.09  21,573.23 
Adjustments for :
(Increase)/decrease in inventories (17729.58) (16125.01)
(Increase)/decrease in trade receivables  3,911.23  (5,964.50)
(Increase)/decrease in Other current assets (993.92) (402.94)
(Increase)/decrease in Other Non Current assets (37.75) (15.20)
(Increase)/decrease in Other financial assets (4.28)  106.88 
(Increase)/decrease in Trade payables  7,633.17 (2564.88)
Increase/(decrease) in Other Financial Liabilities  2,480.65  453.17 
Increase/(decrease) in other liabilities & provisions  1,242.14  195.97 
Cash generated from operations  33,212.73 (2743.29)
Taxes Paid (net of refund) (8170.96) (2946.46)
Net Cash Flow From/ (Used In) Operating Activities (A)  25,041.77 (5689.74)
Cash Flow From / (Used In) Investing Activities
Purchase of property, plant and equipment (including capital work in 
progress and capital advances)
(5484.09) (3182.39)
Proceeds from disposal of property, plant & equipment  43.48  14.70 
Deposit with bank with maturity for more than three months (3137.43) (940.04)
Interest received  755.49  744.12 
Net Cash  Flow From / (Used In) Investing Activities (B) (7822.56) (3363.60)
Cash Flow From / (Used In) Financing Activities
Proceeds from issue of share capital including premium (net)  272.57  -   
Proceeds from Long term borrowings  250.00  364.12 
Repayment of long-term borrowings (1254.15) (1161.76)
Proceeds/(Repayment) from/of Short term borrowings (net) (11621.92)  14,233.37 
Dividends paid on equity shares (357.68) (238.40)
Finance Cost (3739.90) (3890.48)
Payment of principal portion of lease liabilities (39.30) (29.93)
Net Cash Flow From / (Used In)  Financing Activities (C) (16490.38)  9,276.92 
Net Increase / (Decrease) In Cash And Cash Equivalents  (A + B + C)  728.84  223.58 
Opening Cash And Cash Equivalents  265.21  41.63 
Closing Cash And Cash Equivalents  994.05  265.21 
Financial Statements Statutory Reports Corporate Overview
Manorama Industries Limited
Annual Report 2025-26
259

--- page 263 ---
NOTES TO THE CASH FLOW STATEMENT
1.  Cash and cash equivalents consist of cash on hand and balances with banks. Cash and cash equivalents included in the cash 
flow statement comprise of the following Balance Sheet items.
 C in Lacs 
Particulars As at 
31.03.2026
As at 
31.03.2025
Cash In Hand  36.71  36.34 
Balance with Banks 
- in current accounts  291.28  228.87 
- in cash credit/OD accounts  638.55  -   
- in deposit (liquid)  27.51  -   
 994.05  265.21 
2. The  above Cash Flow Statement has been prepared under the “Indirect Method” as set out in the Indian Accounting Standard 
(Ind AS - 7) - Statement of Cash Flow.
3. Reconciliati on between opening & closing balances in the Balance Sheet for liabilities arising from financial activities due to 
cash flows and non-cash flow changes. 
C in Lacs 
Particulars As at 
01.04.2025
Cash flow Non Cash 
changes
 As at 
31.03.2026Proceeds Repayments
Long-Term Borrowings               4,285.39  250.00 (1254.15)  -    3,281.24 
Short-Term Borrowings    43,798.25 (11621.92)  -    -    32,176.33 
Lease Liabilities  145.93  -   (39.30)  11.75  118.38 
Total  48,229.57 (11371.92) (1293.45)  11.75  35,575.95 
4.  Figu res in the bracket represents cash outflow.  
 As per our report of even date. 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 ST MARCH, 2026 (CONT’D)
 For Singhi & Co. For and on behalf of the Board of Directors of Manorama Industries Limited
 Chartered Accountants 
 (ICAI Firm Regn. No:302049E) 
 Sanjay Kumar Dewangan Ashish Ramesh Saraf Ashok Jain
 Partner Managing Director CFO & Whole time director
 Membership No.: 409524 DIN-00183357 DIN-09791163
Shrey Ashish Saraf Deepak Sharma
Director Company Secretary
DIN-07907037 ACS 48707
 Raipur 
 11th May, 2026 
260

--- page 264 ---
Equity Share Capital
C in Lacs 
Particulars Balance as at 
01.04.2024
Changes in Equity 
Share Capital due to 
prior period errors
Restated balance at 
the beginning of the 
respective reporting 
periods
Changes in the 
equity share 
capital during 
the year
Balance as at 
31.03.2025
Equity Share Capital  1,191.98  -    -    -    1,191.98 
C in Lacs 
Particulars Balance as at 
01.04.2025
Changes in Equity 
Share Capital due to 
prior period errors
Restated balance at 
the beginning of the 
respective reporting 
periods
Changes in the 
equity share 
capital during 
the year
Balance as at 
31.03.2026
Equity Share Capital  1,191.98  -    -    2.19  1,194.17 
Other Equity
 C in Lacs 
Particulars Other Equity Total Other 
EquityReserves and Surplus Share Based 
Payment 
Reserve
Exchange difference 
on translating the 
financial statements of 
the foreign operations
Securities 
Premium
General 
Reserve
Retained 
Earnings
Balance as of  April 1, 2024  15,557.57  -    16,828.72  122.53  32,508.82 
Actuarial Gain/Loss on employee 
benefit (Net of Tax)
 -    -    (10.96)  (10.96)
Final Dividend Paid  -    -    (238.40)  -    (238.40)
For the period  -    -    1,535.13  6.66  1,541.79 
Profit/(loss) for the period  -    -    10,978.95  -    10,978.95 
Balance as on March 31, 2025  15,557.57  -    27,558.32  1,657.66  6.66  44,780.21 
 C in Lacs 
Particulars Other Equity Total Other 
EquityReserves and Surplus Share Based 
Payment 
Reserve
Exchange difference on 
translating the financial 
statements of the 
foreign operations
Securities 
Premium
General 
Reserve
Retained 
Earnings
Balance as of  April 1, 2025  15,557.57  -    27,558.32  1,657.66  6.66  44,780.21 
Actuarial Gain/Loss on employee 
benefit (Net of Tax)
 -    (177.56)  -    (177.56)
On account of exercise of ESOP  270.39  -    270.39 
Final Dividend Paid  -    (357.68)  -    -    (357.68)
For the period  -    235.24  (223.66)  11.58 
Transfer from Share based 
payment reserve
 1,739.41  (1,739.41)  -   
Profit/(loss) for the period  -    22,491.80  -    22,491.80 
Balance as on March 31, 2026  15,827.96  1,739.41  49,514.87  153.48  (217.00)  67,018.72 
The accompanying notes are integral part of the financial statements.
 As per our report of even date. 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 ST MARCH, 2026
 For Singhi & Co. For and on behalf of the Board of Directors of Manorama Industries Limited
 Chartered Accountants 
 (ICAI Firm Regn. No:302049E) 
 Sanjay Kumar Dewangan Ashish Ramesh Saraf Ashok Jain
 Partner Managing Director CFO & Whole time director
 Membership No.: 409524 DIN-00183357 DIN-09791163
Shrey Ashish Saraf Deepak Sharma
Director Company Secretary
DIN-07907037 ACS 48707
 Raipur 
 11th May, 2026 
Financial Statements Statutory Reports Corporate Overview
Manorama Industries Limited
Annual Report 2025-26
261

--- page 265 ---
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 ST MARCH, 2026
1. CORPORATE INFORMATION
During the year the Company has incorporated following 
wholly owned subsidiaries which are jointly referred to as 
the ‘Group’ herein under considered in the consolidated 
financial statements: 
Name of the 
subsidairy group
Country of 
incorporation
Proportion (%) of equity 
interest
As at  
31st March, 
2026
As at  
31st March, 
2025
i.  Manorama 
Savanna Limited
Nigeria 100% 100%
ii.  Manorama Mena 
Trading L.L.C. 
U.A.E. 100% 100%
iii.  Manorama 
Savanna-TOGO 
SARL
Togo 100% 100%
iv.  Manorama Africa 
Savanna 
Ivory Coast 100% 100%
v.  Manorama Africa 
Benin
Benin 100% 100%
vi.  Manorama 
Burkina SARL 
Burkina Faso 100% 100%
vii.  Manorama 
Savanna Ghana 
Limited
Ghana 100% 100%
viii.  Manorama Latin 
America 
Brazil 100% 100%
ix.  Taang Kaam 
Industries 
SA (w.e.f. 
16.01.2026)
Burkina Faso 100%  -   
The consolidated financial statements were approved 
for issue in accordance with a resolution of the directors 
on 11th May  2026.
2. BASIS OF PREPARATION AND MATERIAL 
ACCOUNTING POLICIES 
2.1 Basis of preparation and presentation 
i) The se Consolidated Financial Statements are 
prepared in accordance with Indian Accounting 
Standards (Ind AS) notified under the Companies 
(Indian Accounting Standards) Rules,2015 (as 
amended from time to time) and and presentation 
requirements of Division II of Schedule III to the 
Companies Act, 2013, (Ind AS compliant Schedule 
III).
ii) The  consolidated financial statements have been 
prepared on a historical cost basis, except for the 
following assets and liabilities which have been 
measured at fair value:
 -  Certain  financial assets and liabilities and 
 -  Define d benefit plans
iii) Sub sidiaries are entities where the company 
exercise or controls more than one-half of its total 
share capital. The net assets results of acquired 
businesses are included in the consolidated 
financial statements from their respective dates of 
acquisition, being the date on which the company 
obtains control. The results of disposed businesses 
are included in the consolidated financial 
statements upto their date of disposal, being the 
date of control ceases.
iv) The  consolidated financial statements have 
been prepared using uniform accounting policies 
for like transactions and other events in similar 
circumstances. The accounting policies adopted 
in the preparation of financial statements are 
consistent with those of previous year. The 
financial statements of the company and its 
subsidiaries have been combined on a line-by-line 
basis by adding together the book values of like 
items of assets, liabilities, income and expenses, 
after eliminating intra-group balances, intra-group 
transactions and the unrealised profits/losses, 
unless cost/revenue cannot be recovered.
v) The  assets and liabilities of foreign subsidiaries 
are translated at year end exchange rates and all 
other items in Statement of Profit and Loss are 
translated at average rate. The resultant gains and 
losses are shown separately as Foreign Currency 
Translation Reserve under the head Other Equity in 
the consolidated financial statements.
vi) The  excess of cost to the Group of its investment in 
subsidiaries, on the acquisition dates over and above 
the company’s share of equity in the subsidiaries, is 
recognised as ‘Goodwill on Consolidation’ being an 
asset in the consolidated financial statements. The 
said Goodwill is not amortised, however, it is tested 
for impairment at each Balance Sheet date and the 
impairment loss, if any, is provided for. On the other 
hand, where the share of equity in subsidiaries 
as on the date of investment is in excess of cost 
262

--- page 266 ---
of investments of the company, it is recognised 
as ‘Çapital Reserve’ and  shown under the head 
‘Reserves and Surplus’ in the consolidated financial 
statements.
vii) Non -controlling interests in the net assets of 
consolidated subsidiaries is identified and presented 
in the consolidated Balance Sheet separately within 
equity.
viii) Non -controlling interests in the net assets of 
consolidated subsidiaries consists of:
a) The  amount of equity attributable to non-
controlling interests at the date on which 
investment in a subsidiary is made; and
b) The  non-controlling interests share of 
movements in equity since the date parent 
subsidiary relationship came into existence.
ix) Deferred tax liabilities are not recognised for 
temporary differences between the carrying amount 
and tax bases of investments in subsidiaries where 
the company is able to control the timing of the 
reversal of the temporary differences and it is 
probable that the differences will not reverse in the 
forseeable future.
x) Group’s financial statements are presented in Indian 
Rupees (C), which is also its functional currency.
xi) The  consolidated financial statements provide 
comparative information in respect of the previous 
period.  
2.2 SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES
a) Cur rent–non-current classification  
All assets and liabilities have been classified as current 
or non-current as per the Group’s normal operating 
cycle and other criteria set out in the Schedule III 
to the Companies Act, 2013. Based on the nature 
of manufacturing activity and the time between the 
acquisition of assets for processing and their realization 
in cash and cash equivalents, the Group has ascertained 
its operating cycle for the purpose of current – non 
current classification of assets and liabilities as 12 
months for its products.     
All assets and liabilities are classified into current and 
non-current.     
Assets
An asset is classified as current when it satisfies any of 
the following criteria:     
(a) it is expected to be realised in, or is intended for sale 
or consumption in, the Group’s normal operating 
cycle;
(b) it is held pri marily for the purpose of being traded;     
(c) it is expecte d to be realised within 12 months after 
the reporting date; or
(d) it is cash or cash equivalent unless it is restricted 
from being exchanged or used to settle a liability for 
at least 12 months after the reporting date.     
Current assets include the current portion of non-current 
financial assets
All other assets are classified as non-current.
Liabilities
A liability is classified as current when it satisfies any of 
the following criteria:     
(a)  it is expect ed to be settled in the Group’s normal 
operating cycle;     
(b)  it is held pri marily for the purpose of being traded;     
(c)  it is due to be settled within 12 months after the 
reporting date; or     
(d)  the  Group does not have an unconditional right 
to defer settlement of the liability for at least 12 
months after the reporting date. Terms of a liability 
that could, at the option of the counterparty, result 
in its settlement by the issue of equity  instruments 
do not affect its classification.     
Current liabilities include current portion of non-current 
financial liabilities.    
All other liabilities are classified as non-current.
b. F air Value Measurement
Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an 
asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction 
between market participants at the measurement date. 
Normally at initial recognition, the transaction price is the 
best evidence of fair value. 
However, when the Group determines that transaction 
price does not represent the fair value, it uses inter-
alia valuation techniques that are appropriate in the 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 ST MARCH, 2026
Financial Statements Statutory Reports Corporate Overview
Manorama Industries Limited
Annual Report 2025-26
263

--- page 267 ---
circumstances and for which sufficient data are 
available to measure fair value, maximising the use of 
relevant observable inputs and minimising the use of 
unobservable inputs.
All financial assets and financial liabilities for which fair 
value is measured or disclosed in the financial statements 
are categorised within the fair value hierarchy. This 
categorisation is based on the lowest level input that is 
significant to the fair value measurement as a whole:
Level 1 - Quoted (unadjusted) market prices in active 
markets for identical assets or liabilities 
Level 2 - Valuation techniques for which the lowest level 
input that is significant to the fair value measurement is 
directly or indirectly observable
Level 3 - Valuation techniques for which the lowest level 
input that is significant to the fair value measurement is 
unobservable
Financial assets and financial liabilities that are 
recognised at fair value on a recurring basis, the Group 
determines whether transfers have occurred between 
levels in the hierarchy by re- assessing categorisation at 
the end of each reporting period.
c) Pr operty, Plant and Equipment (PPE)
On transition to Ind AS, the Group has elected to continue 
with the carrying value of all of its property, plant and 
equipment recognised as at April 1, 2020, measured as 
per the previous GAAP, and use that carrying value as 
the deemed cost of such property, plant and equipment.
An item of PPE is recognized as an asset if it is probable 
that future economic benefits associated with the item 
will flow to the Group and the cost of the item can be 
measured reliably.
The cost of an item of property, plant and equipment is 
measured at :
- its purchase price, including import duties and non-
refundable purchase taxes, after deducting trade 
discounts and rebates.
- any  costs directly attributable to bringing the asset 
to the location and condition necessary for it to be 
capable of operating in the manner intended by 
management.
- `the  initial estimate of the costs of dismantling 
and removing the item and restoring the site on 
which it is located, the obligation which is to be 
incurred either when the item is acquired or as 
a consequence of having used the item during a 
particular period for purposes other than to produce 
inventories during that period.
- Expenditure  incurred on renovation and 
modernization of PPE on completion of the 
originally estimated useful life resulting in increased 
life and/or efficiency of an existing asset, is added 
to the cost of the related asset. In the carrying 
amount of an item of PPE, the cost of replacing the 
part of such an item is recognized when that cost 
is incurred if the recognition criteria are met. The 
carrying amount of those parts that are replaced is 
derecognized in accordance with the derecognition 
principles.
- After initial recognition, PPE  is carried at cost 
less accumulated depreciation/amortization and 
accumulated impairment losses, if any.
- Spa re parts procured along with the Plant & 
Machinery or subsequently which meet the 
recognition criteria are capitalized and added in 
the carrying amount of such item. The carrying 
amount of those spare parts that are replaced is 
derecognized when no future economic benefits 
are expected from their use or upon disposal. Other 
machinery spares are treated as “stores & spares” 
forming part of the inventory.
- If the cost of the replaced part or earlier inspection 
is not available, the estimated cost of similar new 
parts/ inspection is used as an indication of what 
the cost of the existing part/ inspection component 
was when the item was acquired or inspection 
carried out.
- An item of property, plant and equipment is 
derecognized upon disposal or when no future 
economic benefits are expected from its use or 
disposal. Any gain or loss arising on derecognition 
of the asset (calculated as the difference between 
the net disposal proceeds and the carrying amount 
of the asset) is included in the Statement of Profit 
and Loss when the asset is derecognized.
d) Cap ital work in progress
Expenditure incurred on assets under construction 
(including a project) is carried at cost under Capital Work 
in Progress. Such costs comprises purchase price of 
asset including import duties and non-refundable taxes 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 ST MARCH, 2026
264

--- page 268 ---
after deducting trade discounts and rebates and costs 
that are directly attributable to bringing the asset to the 
location and condition necessary for it to be capable of 
operating in the manner intended by management.
Cost directly attributable to projects under construction 
include costs of employee benefits, expenditure in 
relation to survey and investigation activities of the 
projects, cost of site preparation, initial delivery and 
handling charges, installation and assembly costs, 
professional fees, expenditure on maintenance and up-
gradation etc. of common public facilities, depreciation 
on assets used in construction of project, interest 
during construction and other costs if attributable to 
construction of projects. Such costs are accumulated 
under “Capital works in progress” and subsequently 
allocated on systematic basis over major assets, other 
than land and infrastructure facilities, on commissioning 
of projects.
Capital Expenditure incurred for creation of facilities, over 
which the Group does not have control but the creation 
of which is essential principally for construction of the 
project is capitalized and carried under “Capital work in 
progress” and subsequently allocated on  systematic 
basis over major assets, other than land and infrastructure 
facilities, on commissioning of projects, keeping in view 
the “attributability” and the “Unit of Measure” concepts 
in Ind AS 16- “Property, Plant & Equipment”. Expenditure 
of such nature incurred after completion of the project, is 
charged to Statement of Profit and Loss.
e) Inta ngible Assets
Intangible assets acquired separately are measured 
on initial recognition at cost. After initial recognition, 
intangible assets are carried at cost less any accumulated 
amortisation and accumulated impairment losses.
Software (not being an integral part of the related 
hardware) acquired for internal use, is stated at cost 
of acquisition less accumulated amortisation and 
impairment losses, if any.
An item of Intangible asset is derecognised upon 
disposal or when no future economic benefits are 
expected from its use or disposal. Gains or losses arising 
from derecognition of an intangible asset are measured 
as the difference between the net disposal proceeds and 
the carrying amount of the asset and are recognised 
in the Statement of Profit and Loss when the asset is  
derecognised.
f) Leases
The Group assesses at contract inception whether a 
contract is or contains a lease. That is, if the contract 
conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset 
for a period of time in exchange for consideration.
Group as a Leasee 
The Group applies a single recognition and measurement 
approach for all leases, except for short-term leases 
and leases of low-value assets. The Group recognises 
lease liabilities to make lease payments and right-of-
use assets representing the right to use the underlying 
assets.
- Right-of-use assets
The Group recognises right-of-use assets at the 
commencement date of the lease (i.e., the date the 
underlying asset is available for use). Right-of-use 
assets are measured at cost, less any accumulated 
depreciation and impairment losses, and adjusted for 
any remeasurement of lease liabilities. The cost of right-
of-use assets includes the amount of lease liabilities 
recognised, initial direct costs incurred, and lease 
payments made at or before the commencement date 
less any lease incentives received. Right-of-use assets 
are depreciated on a straight-line basis over the shorter 
of the lease term and the estimated useful lives of the 
assets, as follows:
- Lease hold properties - 5 years
If ownership of the leased asset transfers to the Group at 
the end of the lease term or the cost reflects the exercise 
of a purchase option, depreciation is calculated using the 
estimated useful life of the asset.
- Lease liabilities
At the commencement date of the lease, the Group 
recognises lease liabilities measured at the present 
value of lease payments to be made over the lease term. 
The lease payments include fixed payments (including 
in substance fixed payments) less any lease incentives 
receivable, variable lease payments that depend on 
an index or a rate, and amounts expected to be paid 
under residual value guarantees. The lease payments 
also include the exercise price of a purchase option 
reasonably certain to be exercised by the Group and 
payments of penalties for terminating the lease, if the 
lease term reflects the Group exercising the option to 
terminate. Variable lease payments that do not depend 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 ST MARCH, 2026
Financial Statements Statutory Reports Corporate Overview
Manorama Industries Limited
Annual Report 2025-26
265

--- page 269 ---
on an index or a rate are recognised as expenses (unless 
they are incurred to produce inventories) in the period in 
which the event or condition that triggers the payment 
occurs.
In calculating the present value of lease payments, 
the Group uses its incremental borrowing rate at the 
lease commencement date because the interest rate 
implicit in the lease is not readily determinable. After the 
commencement date, the amount of lease liabilities is 
increased to reflect the accretion of interest and reduced 
for the lease payments made. In addition, the carrying 
amount of lease liabilities is remeasured if there is a 
modification, a change in the lease term, a change in 
the lease payments (e.g., changes to future payments 
resulting from a change in an index or rate used to 
determine such lease payments) or a change in the 
assessment of an option to purchase the underlying 
asset.
- Short-term leases and leases of low-value assets
The Group applies the short-term lease recognition 
exemption to its short-term leases of machinery and 
equipment (i.e., those leases that have a lease term of 
12 months or less from the commencement date and do 
not contain a purchase option). It also applies the lease 
of low-value assets recognition exemption to leases of 
office equipment that are considered to be low value. 
Lease payments on short-term leases and leases of low-
value assets are recognised as expense on a straight-
line basis over the lease term.
g) Re venue recognition
A.  Sale of Goods
The Group recognises revenue when control over the 
promised goods or services is transferred to the customer 
at an amount that reflects the consideration to which the 
Group expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods 
or services. The Group has generally concluded that it is 
the principal in its revenue arrangements as it typically 
controls the goods or services before transferring them 
to the customer.
Revenue is adjusted for variable consideration such as 
discounts, rebates, refunds, credits, price concessions, 
incentives, or other similar items in a contract when 
they are highly probable to be provided. The amount 
of revenue excludes any amount collected on behalf of 
third parties.
The Group recognises revenue generally at the point in 
time when the products are delivered to customer or 
when it is delivered to a carrier for export sale, which 
is when the control over product is transferred to the 
customer. 
Revenue from sale of by products are included in revenue.
Contract Balances
Contract Assets:
A contract asset is the right to consideration in exchange 
for goods or services transferred to the customer. If the 
Group performs by transferring goods or services to a 
customer before the customer pays consideration or 
before payment is due, a contract asset is recognised for 
the earned consideration.
Trade Receivables:
A receivable is recognised when the goods are delivered 
and to the extent that it has an unconditional contractual 
right to receive cash or other financial assets (i.e., only 
the passage of time is required before payment of the 
consideration is due).
Contract Liabilities:
A contract liability is the obligation to transfer goods or 
services to a customer for which the Group has received 
consideration (or an amount of consideration is due) 
from the customer. If a customer pays consideration 
before the Group transfers goods or services to the 
customer, a contract liability is recognised when the 
payment is made or the payment is due (whichever is 
earlier). Contract liabilities are recognised as revenue 
when the Group performs under the contract including 
Advance received from Customer.
Refund Liabilities:
A refund liability is the obligation to refund some or all 
of the consideration received (or receivable) from the 
customer and is measured at the amount the Group 
ultimately expects it will have to return to the customer 
including volume rebates and discounts. The Group 
updates its estimates of refund liabilities at the end of 
each reporting period.
B. Exports Benefits:
Benefits arises on exports of goods like export incentives 
are recognized on accrual basis when exports sales are 
recognized.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 ST MARCH, 2026
266

--- page 270 ---
C. Interest Income
Interest income from a financial asset is recognised 
when it is probable that the economic benefits will 
flow to the Group and the amount of income can be 
measured reliably. Interest income is accrued on a time 
basis, by reference to the principal outstanding and at 
the effective interest rate applicable, which is the rate 
that exactly discounts estimated future cash receipts 
through the expected life of the financial asset to that 
asset’s net carrying amount on initial recognition.
h) Depr eciation on Property, Plant & Equipment and 
Amortization of Intangible Assets
Depreciation on Property, Plant & Equipment is provided 
on Written Down Value Method based on estimated 
useful life of the assets which is same as envisaged in 
schedule II of the Companies Act, 2013.
Depreciation on additions to /deductions from Property, 
Plant & Equipment during the year is charged on pro-
rata basis from / up to the date on which the asset is 
available for use / disposal.
The residual values, useful lives and method of 
depreciation of property, plant and equipment is reviewed 
at each financial year end and adjusted prospectively, if 
appropriate.
Where the life and / or efficiency of an asset is increased 
due to renovation and modernization, the expenditure 
thereon along with its unamortized depreciable amount 
is charged prospectively over the revised / remaining 
useful life determined by technical assessment.
Spares parts procured along with the Plant & Machinery 
or subsequently which are  capitalized and added in the 
carrying amount of such item are depreciated over the 
residual useful life of the related plant and machinery or 
their useful life whichever is lower.
Other Intangible assets i.e. Computer Softwares are 
amortized on a straight line basis over technically useful 
life i.e. 5 years. 
i) Inv entories  
Inventories are valued at lower of cost and net realizable 
value, after providing for obsolences, if any.
Cost of stores & consumables and chemicals are 
computed on FIFO basis and cost of Raw Materials, 
Finished Goods & Goods in Process are computed on 
Weighted average basis.
Cost of Work in Progress and Finished Goods includes 
direct materials, labour, conversion and proportion 
of manufacturing overheads incurred in bringing the 
inventories to their present location and condition.
The  cost is determined using weighted average cost 
formula and net realizable value is the estimated 
selling price in the ordinary course of business, less the 
estimated costs necessary to make the sale.
The by-products are valued at net realizable value.
j) Bor rowing Cost 
Borrowing costs directly attributable to the acquisition, 
construction or production of an asset that necessarily 
takes a substantial period of time to get ready for its 
intended use or sale are capitalised as part of the cost 
of the asset. All other borrowing costs are expensed in 
the period in which they occur. Borrowing costs consist 
of interest and other costs that the Group incurs in 
connection with the borrowing of funds. Borrowing 
cost also includes exchange differences to the extent 
regarded as an adjustment to the borrowing costs.
k) Income T axes
Income tax expense represents the sum of current and 
deferred tax. Tax is recognised in the Statement of Profit 
and Loss, except to the extent that it relates to items 
recognised directly in equity or other comprehensive 
income. In which case the tax is also recognised directly 
in equity or in other comprehensive income.
Current tax
Current tax assets and liabilities are measured at the 
amount  expected to be recovered from or paid to the 
taxation authorities, based on tax rates and laws that are 
enacted or substantively enacted at the Balance sheet 
date.
Deferred tax
Deferred tax is recognised on temporary differences 
between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities 
in the financial statements and the corresponding tax 
bases used in the computation of taxable profit.
Deferred tax liabilities and assets are measured at the 
tax rates that are expected to apply in the period in 
which the liability is settled or the asset realised, based 
on tax rates (and tax laws) that have been enacted or 
substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period. 
The carrying amount  of Deferred tax liabilities and 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 ST MARCH, 2026
Financial Statements Statutory Reports Corporate Overview
Manorama Industries Limited
Annual Report 2025-26
267

--- page 271 ---
assets are reviewed at the end of each reporting period.
l) F oreign Currency Transactions
Transactions in foreign currency are initially recorded at 
exchange rate prevailing on the date of transaction. At 
each Balance Sheet date, monetary items denominated 
in foreign currency are translated at the exchange rates 
prevailing on that date.
Exchange differences arising on translation or settlement 
of monetary items are recognised as income or expenses 
in the period in which they arise in the Statement of Profit 
and loss.  
m) Emplo yee Benefits Expense
Short Term Employee Benefits
The undiscounted amount  of short term employee 
benefits expected to be paid in exchange for the services 
rendered by employees are recognised as an expense 
during the period when the employees render the 
services..
Post-Employment 
Defined Contribution Plans
A defined contribution plan is a post-employment benefit 
plan under which the Group pays specified contributions 
to a separate entity. The Group makes specified monthly 
contributions towards Provident Fund and Contributory 
Pension Fund. The Group’s contribution is recognised as 
an expense in the Statement of Profit and Loss during 
the period in which the employee renders the related 
service.
Defined Benefits Plans
The cost of the defined benefit plan and other post-
employment benefits and the present value of such 
obligation are determined using actuarial valuations. An 
actuarial valuation involves making various assumptions 
that may differ from actual developments in the future. 
These include the determination of the discount rate, 
future salary increases, mortality rates and future 
pension increases. Due to the complexities involved 
in the valuation and its long-term nature, a defined 
benefit obligation is highly sensitive to changes in these 
assumptions. All assumptions are reviewed at each 
reporting date.
The Group has recognized the gratuity payable to the 
employees as per the Payment of Gratuity Act,1972 and 
Leave Encashment Benefits as defined benefit plans. 
The liability in respect of these benefits is calculated 
using the Projected Unit Credit Method and spread over 
the period during which the benefit is expected to be 
derived from employees’ services.
Re-measurement of defined benefit plans in respect 
of post-employment are charged to the Other 
Comprehensive  Income.
n) Pr ovisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets
Provisions are recognised when the Group has a present 
legal or constructive obligation as a result of a past event 
and it is probable that an outflow of resources embodying 
economic benefits will be required to settle the obligation 
and a reliable estimate can be made of the amount of 
the obligation. Such provisions are determined based on 
management estimate of the amount required to settle 
the obligation at the balance sheet date. When the Group 
expects some or all of a provision to be reimbursed, the 
reimbursement is recognised as a standalone asset only 
when the reimbursement is virtually certain.
If the effect of the time value of money is material, 
provisions are discounted using a current pre-tax rate 
that reflects when appropriate, the risks specific to the 
liability. When discounting is used, the increase in the 
provision due to the passage of time is recognised as a 
finance cost.
Contingent liabilities are disclosed on the basis of 
judgment of management. These are reviewed at each 
balance sheet date and are adjusted to reflect the current 
management estimate.
Contingent assets are not recognized but are disclosed 
in the financial statements when inflow of economic 
benefits is probable.
o) Imp airment of non-financial assets - property, plant 
and equipment
The Group assesses at each reporting date as to whether 
there is any indication that any property, plant and 
equipment or group of assets, called cash generating 
units (CGU) may be impaired. If any such indication exists 
the recoverable amount  of an asset or CGU is estimated 
to determine the extent of impairment, if any. When it is 
not possible to estimate the recoverable amount  of an 
individual asset, the Group estimates the recoverable 
amount  of the CGU to which the asset belongs.
An impairment loss is recognised in the Statement of 
Profit and Loss to the extent, asset’s carrying amount  
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 ST MARCH, 2026
268

--- page 272 ---
exceeds its recoverable amount. The recoverable 
amount  is higher of an asset’s fair value less cost of 
disposal and value in use. Value in use is based on the 
estimated future cash flows, discounted to their present  
value using pre-tax discount rate that reflects current 
market assessments of the time value of money and risk 
specific to the assets.
The impairment loss recognised in prior accounting 
period is reversed if there has been a change in the 
estimate of recoverable amount.
p) Sha re capital and share premium
Ordinary shares are classified as equity. Incremental 
costs directly attributable to the issue of new shares 
are shown in equity as a deduction, net of tax, from the 
proceeds.
Par value of the equity share is recorded as share capital 
and the amount received in excess of the par value is 
classified as share premium.
q) Fin ancial Instruments
Financial Assets
Initial recognition and measurement
All financial assets and liabilities are initially recognized at 
fair value. Transaction costs that are directly attributable 
to the acquisition or issue of financial assets and financial 
liabilities, which are not at fair value through  profit or 
loss, are adjusted to the fair value on initial recognition. 
Purchase and sale of financial assets are recognised 
using trade date accounting.
Subsequent measurement
Financial assets carried at amortised cost 
A financial asset is measured at amortised cost if it is 
held within a business model whose objective is to hold 
the asset in order to collect contractual cash flows and 
the contractual terms of the financial asset give rise on 
specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments  
of principal and interest on the principal amount  
outstanding.
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive  
income (FVTOCI)
A financial asset is measured at FVTOCI if it is held within 
a business model whose objective is achieved by both 
collecting contractual cash flows and selling financial 
assets and the contractual terms of the financial asset 
give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely 
payments  of principal and interest on the principal 
amount  outstanding.
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss 
(FVTPL)
A financial asset which is not classified in any of the 
above categories are measured at FVTPL.
Impairment of financial assets
In accordance  with Ind AS 109, the Group uses ‘Expected 
Credit Loss’ (ECL) model, for evaluating impairment of 
financial assets other than those measured at fair value 
through OCI.
Expected credit losses are measured through a loss 
allowance at an amount equal to:
-  The  12-months expected credit losses (expected 
credit losses that result from those default events 
on the financial instrument that are possible within 
12 months after the reporting date); or
-  Full  lifetime expected credit losses (expected credit 
losses that result from all possible default events 
over the life of the financial instrument).
For trade receivables Group applies ‘simplified approach’ 
which requires expected lifetime losses to be recognised 
from initial recognition of the receivables. The Group uses 
historical default rates to determine impairment loss on 
the portfolio of trade receivables. At every reporting date 
these historical default rates are reviewed and changes 
in the forward looking estimates are analysed.
Financial Liabilities
Initial recognition and measurement
All financial liabilities are recognized at fair value and in 
case of loans, net of directly attributable cost. Fees of 
recurring nature are directly recognised in the Statement 
of Profit and Loss as finance cost.
Subsequent measurement
Financial liabilities are carried at amortized cost using the 
effective interest method. For trade and other payables 
maturing within one year from the balance sheet date, 
the carrying amounts approximate fair value due to the 
short maturity of these instruments.
Derecognition of financial instruments
The Group derecognizes a financial asset when the 
contractual rights to the cash flows from the financial 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 ST MARCH, 2026
Financial Statements Statutory Reports Corporate Overview
Manorama Industries Limited
Annual Report 2025-26
269

--- page 273 ---
asset expire or it transfers the financial asset and the 
transfer qualifies for derecognition under Ind AS 109. 
A financial liability (or a part of a financial liability) is 
derecognized from the Group’s Balance Sheet when 
the obligation specified in the contract is discharged  or 
cancelled or expires.
r) Earnings P er Share
Basic earnings per share are calculated by dividing the 
net profit or loss for the period attributable to equity 
shareholders by weighted average number of equity 
shares outstanding during the period. The weighted 
average number of equity shares outstanding during 
the period are adjusted for events of bonus issue; bonus 
element in a right issue to existing shareholders.
For the purpose of calculating diluted earnings per share, 
the net profit or loss for the year attributable to equity 
shareholders and the weighted average number of 
shares outstanding during the year are adjusted for the 
effects of all dilutive potential equity shares.
s) Go vernment Grant
Government grants are recognised initially as deferred 
income when there is reasonable assurance that 
they will be received and the Group will comply with 
the conditions associated with the grant. Grants that 
compensate the Group for expenses incurred are 
recognised over the period in which the related costs are 
incurred and are deducted from the related expenses. 
Grants that compensate the Group for the cost of an 
asset are recognised in profit or loss on a systematic 
basis over the useful life of the related asset.
t) Div idend Distribution
Dividend distribution to the Group’s shareholders 
is recognised as a liability in the Group’s financial 
statements in the period in which the dividends are 
approved by the Group’s shareholders.
u) Statement of Cash Flows
Cash and Cash equivalents
For the purpose of presentation in the statement of 
cash flows, cash and cash equivalents includes cash 
on hand, deposits held at call with financial institutions, 
other short-term, highly liquid investments with original 
maturities of three months or less that are readily 
convertible to known amounts of cash and which are 
subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value, and 
bank overdrafts. However for Balance Sheet presentation, 
Bank overdrafts are classified within borrowings in 
current liabilities.
Statement of Cash Flows is prepared in accordance with 
the Indirect Method prescribed in the relevant Accounting 
Standard.
v) Sha re-based payments
Equity-settled share-based payments to employees and 
others providing similar services are measured at the fair 
value of the equity instruments at the grant date. Details 
regarding the determination of the fair value of equity-
settled share-based transactions are set out in note 
11(g).
The fair value determined at the grant date of the equity-
settled share-based payments is expensed on a straight-
line basis over the vesting period, based on the Group’s 
estimate of equity instruments that will eventually vest, 
with a corresponding increase in equity. At the end of 
each reporting year, the Group revises its estimate of 
the number of equity instruments expected to vest. The 
impact of the revision of the original estimates, if any, 
is recognised in Statement of profit and loss such that 
the cumulative expense reflects the revised estimate, 
with a corresponding adjustment to the equity-settled 
employee benefits reserve.
The dilutive effect of outstanding options is reflected as 
additional share dilution in the computation of diluted 
earnings per share.
2.3 KEY ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND JUDGEMENTS
The preparation of the Group’s financial statements 
requires management to make judgement, estimates and 
assumptions that affect the reported amount of revenue, 
expenses, assets and liabilities and the acGrouping 
disclosures. Uncertainty about these assumptions 
and estimates could result in outcomes that require a 
material adjustment to the carrying amount of assets or 
liabilities affected in future periods.
i) Depr eciation / amortisation and useful lives of 
property plant and equipment / intangible  assets
Property, plant and equipment / intangible assets 
are depreciated / amortised over their estimated 
useful lives, after taking into account estimated 
residual value. The estimated useful lives and 
residual values of the assets are reviewed annually 
in order to determine the amount  of depreciation / 
amortisation  to be recorded during any reporting 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 ST MARCH, 2026
270

--- page 274 ---
period. The useful lives and residual values are 
based on the Company’s historical experience with 
similar assets and take into account anticipated 
technological changes and other related matters. 
The depreciation / amortisation  for future periods 
is revised if there are significant changes from 
previous estimates.
ii) Determinin g the lease term of contracts with 
renewal and termination options – Group as lessee
The Group determines the lease term as the non-
cancellable term of the lease, together with any 
periods covered by an option to extend the lease if it 
is reasonably certain to be exercised, or any periods 
covered by an option to terminate the lease, if it is 
reasonably certain not to be exercised.
The Group has only one lease contracts that 
include extension and termination options. The 
Group applies judgement in evaluating whether 
it is reasonably certain whether or not to exercise 
the option to renew or terminate the lease. That 
is, it considers all relevant factors that create an 
economic incentive for it to exercise either the 
renewal or termination. After the commencement 
date, the Group reassesses the lease term if there 
is a significant event or change in circumstances 
that is within its control and affects its ability to 
exercise or not to exercise the option to renew or 
to terminate.
The Group included the renewal period as part of the 
lease term for leases of properties with longer non-
cancellable periods (i.e., 5 years) are not included as 
part of the lease term as these are not reasonably 
certain to be exercised. Furthermore, the periods 
covered by termination options are included as part 
of the lease term only when they are reasonably 
certain not to be exercised.
iii) Leases - Estimating the incr emental borrowing rate
The Group cannot readily determine the interest rate 
implicit in the lease, therefore, it uses its incremental 
borrowing rate (IBR) to measure lease liabilities. 
The IBR is the rate of interest that the Group would 
have to pay to borrow over a similar term, and with 
a similar security, the funds necessary to obtain an 
asset of a similar value to the right-of-use asset in 
a similar economic environment. The IBR therefore 
reflects what the Group ‘would have to pay’, which 
requires estimation when no observable rates 
are available. The Group estimates the IBR using 
observable inputs (such as market interest rates) 
when available and is required to make certain 
entity-specific estimates.
iv) A mortization of leasehold land
The Group’s lease asset classes primarily consist 
of leases for industrial land. The lease premium is 
the fair value of land paid by the Group to the state 
government at the time of acquisition and there is no 
liability at the end of lease term. The lease premium 
paid by the Group has been amortized over the 
lease period on a systematic basis and classified 
under Ind AS 16 and therefore, the requirements 
of both Ind AS 116 and Ind AS 17 as to the period 
over which, and the manner in which, the right of 
use asset (under Ind AS 116) or the asset arising 
from the finance lease (under Ind AS 17) amortized 
are similar.
v) Reco verability of trade receivable
Judgements are required in assessing the 
recoverability of overdue trade receivables and 
determining whether a provision against those 
receivables is required. Factors considered  include 
the period of overdues, the amount  and timing of 
anticipated future payments and the probability of 
default.
vi) Provisions
Provisions and liabilities are recognized in the period 
when it becomes  probable  that there will be a future 
outflow of resources resulting from past operations 
or events and the amount  of cash outflow can be 
reliably estimated. The timing of recognition and 
quantification of the liability requires the application 
of judgement to existing facts and circumstances. 
The carrying amounts of provisions and liabilities 
are reviewed regularly and revised to take account 
of changing facts and circumstances.
vii) Imp airment of non-financial assets
The Group assesses at each reporting date whether 
there is an indication that an asset may be impaired. 
If any indication exists, the Group estimates the 
asset’s recoverable amount. An asset’s recoverable 
amount  is the higher of an asset’s or Cash 
Generating Units (CGU’s) fair value less costs of 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 ST MARCH, 2026
Financial Statements Statutory Reports Corporate Overview
Manorama Industries Limited
Annual Report 2025-26
271

--- page 275 ---
disposal and its value in use. It is determined for an 
individual asset, unless the asset does not generate 
cash inflows that are largely independent of those 
from other assets or a groups of assets. Where 
the carrying amount  of an asset or CGU exceeds 
its recoverable amount, the asset is considered  
impaired and is written down to its recoverable 
amount.
In assessing value in use, the estimated future cash 
flows are discounted to their present  value using 
pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market 
assessments of the time value of money and the 
risks specific to the asset. In determining fair value 
less costs of disposal, recent market transactions  
are taken into account, if no such transactions  can 
be identified, an appropriate valuation model is 
used.
viii) Measur ement of defined benefit obligations
The measurement of defined benefit and other post-
employment benefits obligations are determined 
using actuarial valuations. An actuarial valuation 
involves making various assumptions that may 
differ from actual developments in the future. These 
include the determination of the discount rate, 
future salary increases, mortality rates and future 
pension increases. Due to the complexities involved 
in the valuation and its long-term nature, a defined 
benefit obligation is highly sensitive to changes in 
these assumptions. All assumptions are reviewed 
at each reporting date.
2.4 NEW AND AMENDED STANDARDS 
The Group has not early adopted any standards, 
amendments that have been issued but are not yet 
effective/notified.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 ST MARCH, 2026
272

--- page 276 ---
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 ST MARCH, 2026
3   PROPER TY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
 C in lacs
Particulars Freehold 
Land
Leasehold 
land
Factory 
shed and 
building
Plant and 
Equipment
Office 
equipment
Furnitures 
and 
Fixtures
Computers Vehicles Total
Carrying Value
 As on 1 April 2024  780.23  11.23  1,165.04  13,669.98  173.75  221.02  106.58  810.96  16,938.78 
 Addition  123.95  61.96  5,698.21  59.59  25.69  43.24  723.45  6,736.09 
 Deletions  -    -    -    -    -    -    63.05  63.05 
 As on 31 March 2025  904.18  11.23  1,227.01  19,368.19  233.34  246.71  149.82  1,471.35  23,611.82 
 Addition  1,960.50  248.56  1,365.63  95.02  30.99  36.95  548.56  4,286.21 
 Deletions  -    -    -    -    -    -    133.41  133.41 
As at 31 March 2026 2,864.68  11.23  1,475.56  20,733.82  328.36  277.70  186.77  1,886.51  27,764.62 
 Accumulated Depreciation 
 As on 1 April 2024  -    0.23  281.11  3,150.53  97.73  99.13  82.71  294.59  4,006.04 
 For the year  -    0.06  111.03  1,716.19  46.69  35.28  27.12  250.84  2,187.21 
 Deletions  -    -    57.75  57.75 
 As on 31 March 2025  -    0.29  392.15  4,866.72  144.42  134.42  109.83  487.68  6,135.50 
 For the year  0.46  103.41  1,832.93  59.06  29.91  30.10  381.23  2,437.10 
 Deletions  -    -    123.73  123.73 
As at 31 March 2026  -    0.74  495.55  6,699.64  203.49  164.33  139.93  745.18  8,448.86 
 Net block 
 As on 31 March 2025  904.18  10.94  834.86  14,501.47  88.91  112.29  39.99  983.67  17,476.32 
As at 31 March 2026 2,864.68  10.49  980.01 14,034.17  124.87  113.37  46.85  1,141.33  19,315.76 
Note:
Details of property, plant and equipment pledged against borrowings is presented in note 13 and 17.
The title deeds of all the immovable properties (other than properties where the Company is the lessee and the lease agreements 
are duly executed in favour of the lessee) are held in the name of the company itself. Further, the company has not carried out 
revaluation of items of Property, Plant & Equipment during the year and accordingly the disclosure  as to whether the revaluation is 
based on the valuation by a registered valuer as defined under rule 2 of the Companies (Registered Valuers and Valuation) Rules, 
2017 is not applicable.
Financial Statements Statutory Reports Corporate Overview
Manorama Industries Limited
Annual Report 2025-26
273

--- page 277 ---
4.1  CAP ITAL WORK IN PROGRESS (CWIP)  C in lacs 
Particulars As on  
1 April 2024
Addition Deduction As on  
31 March 2025
Addition Deduction As at  
31 March 2026
Project in progress  4,120.56  1,696.87  5,577.06  240.38  2,588.06  1,006.76 1,821.68
Total  4,120.56  1,696.87  5,577.06  240.38  2,588.06  1,006.76  1,821.68 
Details of Capital Work in Progress Amount in CWIP for a period of 31.03.2026 Total
< 1 year 1-2 years 2-3 years > 3 years
Project in progress 1,781.25  40.44  -    -    1,821.68 
Details of Capital Work in Progress Amount in CWIP for a period of 31.03.2025 Total
< 1 year 1-2 years 2-3 years > 3 years
Project in progress  240.38  -    -    -    240.38 
Note:
As at the balance sheet date, the assets/projects forming part of capital work in progress are neither exceeded its estimated cost 
nor its estimated completion time line.
4.2 INTANGIBLE ASSETS
 C in lacs 
Software Total
Gross Block
Carrying Value
 As on 1 April 2024  -    -   
Additions  -    -   
Disposals  -    -   
 As on 31 March 2025  -    -   
Additions  280.77  280.77 
Disposals  -    -   
As at 31 March 2026  280.77  280.77 
Depreciation
As on 1 April 2024  -    -   
Charge for the year  -    -   
Disposals/Adjustment  -    -   
As on 31 March 2025  -    -   
Charge for the year  95.00  95.00 
Disposals/Adjustment  -    -   
As at 31 March 2026  95.00  95.00 
Net Block
As on 31 March 2025  -    -   
As at 31 March 2026  185.78  185.78 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 ST MARCH, 2026
274

--- page 278 ---
Note: The title deeds of all the intangible assets are held in the name of the company itself.
4.3  IN TANGIBLE ASSETS UNDER CONSTRUCTION (IAUC)  C in lacs 
Particulars As on  
1 April 2024
Addition Deduction As on  
31 March 2025
Addition Deduction As at  
31 March 2026
Project in progress  70.71  159.16  -    229.87  50.91  280.77  -   
Total  70.71  159.16  -    229.87  50.91  280.77  -   
Details of Intangible Assets under construction Amount in IAUC for a period of 31.03.2026 Total
< 1 year 1-2 years 2-3 years > 3 years
Project in progress  -    -    -    -    -   
Details of Intangible Assets under construction Amount in IAUC for a period of 31.03.2025 Total
< 1 year 1-2 years 2-3 years > 3 years
Project in progress  159.16  -    70.71  -    229.87 
5 RIGHT OF USE ASSETS
 C in lacs 
Particulars  Lease hold 
properties 
 Total 
Carrying Value
As on 1 April 2024  -    -   
Addition  165.32  165.32 
Deletions  -    -   
As on 31 March 2025  165.32  165.32 
Addition  -    -   
Deletions  -    -   
As at 31 March 2026  165.32  165.32 
Accumulated amortisation
As on 1 April 2024  -    -   
For the year  26.18  26.18 
Deletions  -    -   
As on 31 March 2025  26.18  26.18 
For the year  33.06  33.06 
Deletions - -
As at 31 March 2026  59.24  59.24 
Net block
As on 31 March 2025  139.14  139.14 
As at 31 March 2026  106.08  106.08 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 ST MARCH, 2026
Financial Statements Statutory Reports Corporate Overview
Manorama Industries Limited
Annual Report 2025-26
275

--- page 279 ---
6. OTHER FINANCIAL ASSETS
 C in lacs
Particulars  Non-current Current
As at  
31 March, 2026
As at  
31 March, 2025
As at  
31 March, 2026
As at  
31 March, 2025
(Unsecured, considered good)
Security deposits  28.62  13.65  2.79  0.37 
Balance with banks in deposit accounts (maturity 
more than 12 months)  4,771.21  464.99  -    -   
Interest accrued on deposits  -    -    16.16  14.23 
Interest on security deposits  3.01  3.89  -    -   
Interest accrued on fixed deposits  7.51  0.27  47.51  60.56 
 4,810.36  482.80  66.46  75.16 
7. OTHER ASSETS
 C in lacs
Particulars  Non-current Current
As at  
31 March, 2026
As at  
31 March, 2025
As at  
31 March, 2026
As at  
31 March, 2025
(Unsecured, considered good)
Capital Advances  53.70  488.04 
Security deposit with govt. & others  269.46  235.15 
Advances other than capital advances
Advance to Vendor  -    -    2,139.89  951.13 
Advance to employees  -    -    158.68  19.46 
Prepaid expenses  25.57  22.13  387.09  275.45 
Balance with revenue authorities & others  -    -    2,195.98  2,641.69 
 348.73  745.32  4,881.65  3,887.73 
8. INVENTORIES
 C in lacs
Particulars As at  
31 March, 2026
As at  
31 March, 2025
(valued at lower of cost or net realisable value)
Raw Materials [including in transit stock of C 11486.51 lacs (2025: C1899.39 lacs)]  43,905.77  40,800.37 
Finished goods [including in transit stock of C 6927.98 lacs (2025: C 1022.40 lacs)]  25,886.20  12,341.86 
By product  [including in transit stock of C 34.07 lacs (2025: C 44.84 lacs)]  1,829.65  1,075.11 
Chemicals  405.01  318.65 
Stores and consumables  751.04  512.08 
 72,777.66  55,048.08 
Note: Details of inventories pledged against borrowings is presented in note 13 and 17.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 ST MARCH, 2026
276

--- page 280 ---
9. TRADE RECEIVABLES 
 C in lacs 
Particulars As at  
31 March, 2026
As at  
31 March, 2025
Trade receivables, considered good - unsecured  6,249.13  10,172.82 
Trade receivables which have significant increase in credit risk  14.28  1.82 
Less: Provision for expected credit loss  14.28  1.82 
 6,249.13  10,172.82 
Note: Details of trade receivables pledged against borrowings is presented in note 13 and 17.
No trade or other receivable are due from directors or other officers of the company either severally or jointly with any other person. 
Nor any trade or other receivable are due from firms or private companies respectively in which any director is a partner, a director 
or a member except disclosed in note 29.
Trade receivables ageing schedule for the year ended as on March 31, 2026 and March 31, 2025:
Particulars Outstanding for following periods from 
Due Date of Payment as on 31.03.2026
Total
(INR in 
lacs)< 6 Months 6 Months 
-1 Years
1-2 Years 2-3 Years  > 3 Years 
(i) Undisputed trade Receivables- Considered goods  6,240.08  0.38  0.02  8.64  -    6,249.13 
(ii) Undisputed trade Receivables- Which have 
significant increase in Credit Risk
 0.01  0.00  14.13  0.14  14.28 
(iii) Undisputed trade Receivables- Credit Impaired  -   
(iv) disputed trade Receivables- considered goods  -   
(v) disputed trade Receivables- Which have 
significant increase in Credit Risk
 -   
(vi) disputed trade Receivables- Credit Impaired  -   
Particulars Outstanding for following periods from  
Due Date of Payment as on 31.03.2025
Total
(INR in 
lacs)< 6 Months 6 Months 
-1 Years
1-2 Years 2-3 Years  > 3 Years 
(i) Undisputed trade Receivables- Considered goods  10,129.09  10.69  32.79  0.25  -    10,172.82 
(ii) Undisputed trade Receivables- Which have 
significant increase in Credit Risk
 0.09  1.73  1.82 
(iii) Undisputed trade Receivables- Credit Impaired  -   
(iv) disputed trade Receivables- considered goods  -   
(v) disputed trade Receivables- Which have 
significant increase in Credit Risk
 -   
(vi) disputed trade Receivables- Credit Impaired  -   
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 ST MARCH, 2026
Financial Statements Statutory Reports Corporate Overview
Manorama Industries Limited
Annual Report 2025-26
277

--- page 281 ---
10. CASH AND BANK BALANCES
 C in lacs  C in lacs 
Particulars As at  
31 March, 2026
As at  
31 March, 2025
Cash and cash equivalents
Balance with Banks
- in current accounts  291.28  228.87 
- in cash credit/OD accounts (debit balance)  638.55  -   
- in deposits liquid  27.51  -   
Cash In hand  36.71  36.34 
 994.05  265.21 
Other bank balances
Balance with Banks
- in deposit accounts  8,393.12  9,569.16 
- in unpaid dividend account  0.27  0.19 
 8,393.39  9,569.35 
 9,387.44  9,834.56 
Note: Deposits with banks aggregating to C 982.46 lacs (2025: C 49.26 lacs) has been pledged with banks against margin money 
towards working capital facilities.
11. EQUITY SHARE CAPITAL
C in lacs 
Particulars As at  
31 March, 2026
As at  
31 March, 2025
Authorized Capital
15,00,00,000 (P.Y. 15,00,00,000) Equity Shares of C 2 each  3,000.00  3,000.00 
 3,000.00  3,000.00 
Issued , Subscribed & Paid Up Capital
5,97,08,530 (P .Y. 5,95,99,050) Equity Shares of C 2 each  1,194.17  1,191.98 
 1,194.17  1,191.98 
(a) Reconciliation of the Equity shares outstanding at the beginning and at the end of the reporting period.
Particulars   In Value  In Numbers
As at  
31 March, 2026
As at  
31 March, 2025
As at  
31 March, 2026
As at  
31 March, 2025
 C in lacs  C in lacs Nos. Nos.
At the beginning of the reporting period  1,191.98  1,191.98  59,599,050  59,599,050 
Issued during the period  2.19  -    109,480  -   
At the end of the reporting period.  1,194.17  1,191.98  59,708,530  59,599,050 
(b)  T erms & Right attached to equity shares
 The company has only one class of equity shares having a par value of C 2 per share. Each Holder of equity share is entitled to one 
vote per share. In the event of liquidation, shareholder will be entitled to receive remaining assets of the company after distribution 
of all preferential amount. The distribution will be in proportion to the member of equity share held by the share holder.
c)  The company has not allotted any equity shares as fully paid up pursuant to contracts without payment being received in 
cash/allotted as fully paid up by way of  bonus shares issued/buy-back of shares in the last 5 years.
d)  There are no contracts or commitments for the sale of shares or disinvestments.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 ST MARCH, 2026
278

--- page 282 ---
e) Details of shareholders hol ding more than 5% shares in the Company.
Particulars  As at 31 March 2026 As at 31 March 2025
 Number  % of holding  Number  % of holding 
Equity shares of C 2/-each fully paid
Shri Ashish Ramesh Saraf  27,568,720 46.17%  25,184,158 42.26%
Smt. Vinita Saraf  4,567,292 7.65%  4,567,292 7.66%
Smt. Ritu Saraf  4,236,895 7.10%  4,236,395 7.11%
 36,372,907 60.92%  33,987,845 57.03%
f) Details of shar es held by promoters at 31st March, 2026.
Promoter Name  No. of 
Shares as at 
31.03.2025 
 No. of 
Shares as at 
31.03.2026 
% of total 
shares
% Change 
during the 
year
Shri Ashish Ramesh Saraf  25,184,158  27,568,720 46.17% 3.92%
Smt. Vinita Saraf  4,567,292  4,567,292 7.65% -0.01%
Shri Agastya Saraf  1,340,978  148,697 0.25% -2.00%
Shri Shrey Saraf  1,340,978  148,697 0.25% -2.00%
g) Details of Emplo yee Stock Option Plan:
 Manorama Industries Limited Employees Stock Option Plan 2021 (MILESOP 2021) was approved by the shareholders of 
the Company on 29th September, 2021. The plan is designed to provide incentives to all the employees to deliver long term 
returns. Under the plan the employees would be granted stock options which would carry the right to apply for equivalent 
number of ordinary shares of the Company of the face value of C 2 each at a price to be determined by the Nomination and 
Remuneration Committee of the Company. The total number of options to be granted under the Scheme would be 1191980 
no. of equity shares @ C 2 each. The grant of options has to be accepted by the employees within one month from the date of 
the grant and would vest after one year from such date in 4 annual  tranches of 25% of the options granted. The options once 
vested have to be exercised within 3 months.  In accordance with the plan the Nomination and Remuneration Committee 
of the Company on 8/2/2022 has granted 98000 options to certain eligible employees. Such options will vest in 4 tranches 
starting from 2023.  Further, the Nomination and Remuneration Committee of the Company on 12/05/2024 has also granted 
180000 options to certain eligible employees and such options will vest in 1 trench starting from 2025, the options have to be 
exercised within a period of 3 months. The exercise price for 1st grant is at a 10% discount on the market price of the shares 
as on grant date i.e. C 236.20 and for 2nd grant is C 251.00.
 The  Share options outstanding at the end of the year have the following expiry dates.
 C in Lacs 
Vesting Schedule spread  
over 4 years
Option vested Exercise schedule 
within 3 months 
from date of vesting 
Lapse                                                 
If not exercise within 
the exercise period the 
shares will be added 
back to ESOP pool 
Date Percentage No. of shares
On completion of 12 months from 
the date of grant 08-02-2022 08-02-2023 25% 24500 07-05-2023 08-05-2023
On completion of 24 months from 
the date of grant 08-02-2022 08-02-2024 25% 24500 07-05-2024 08-05-2024
On completion of 36 months from 
the date of grant 08-02-2022 08-02-2025 25% 24500 07-05-2025 08-05-2025
On completion of 48 months from 
the date of grant 08-02-2022 08-02-2026 25% 24500 07-05-2026 08-05-2026
On completion of 12 months from 
the date of grant 12-05-2024 11-05-2025 100% 180000 11-08-2025 12-08-2025
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 ST MARCH, 2026
Financial Statements Statutory Reports Corporate Overview
Manorama Industries Limited
Annual Report 2025-26
279

--- page 283 ---
The fair value of the options, calculated by actuarial valuer was estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes model with 
the following significant assumptions:
Particulars Assumptions
Risk free interest rate (in %) 6.58%
Volatility (in %) 59.09%
Dividend yield (in %) 0.04%
Attrition rate 1% to 5%
The volatility of the options is based on the historical volatility of the share price for the last one year as on the date of grant. 
Details of weighted average exercise price and fair value of the stock options granted at price below market price (on the date of 
grant):
Total options granted 258,000
Weighted average exercise price (in C) 248.50
Weighted average fair value (in C) 817.72
The movement in the scheme is set out as under:
Manorama Industries Limited Employees Stock Option Plan 2021 
– Year Ended
Particulars  31st March, 2026 31st March, 2025
Options Weighted 
Average 
exercise price
Options Weighted 
Average 
exercise price
Number Amount (in D) Number Amount (in D)
Outstanding at the beginning of year 216500 248.50 54750 236.20
Granted during the year 0 0.00 180000 251.00
Exercised during the year 109480 248.97 0 0.00
Forfeited during the year 0 0.00 18250 236.20
Expired during the year 88770 250.46 0 0.00
Outstanding at the end of the year 18250 236.20 216500 248.50
Exercisable at the end of the year (Options which have 
vested) 18250 236.20 216500 248.50
Number of Equity Shares of C 2/- each fully paid up to be 
issued on exercise of option 18250 236.20 216500 248.50
The expected life of the share options is based on historical data and current expectations and is not necessarily indicative of 
exercise patterns that may occur. The expected volatility reflects the assumption that the historical volatility over a period similar 
to the life of the options is indicative of future trends, which may not necessarily be the actual outcome.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 ST MARCH, 2026
280

--- page 284 ---
12. OTHER EQUITY
C in Lacs C in Lacs 
Particulars As at  
31 March, 2026
As at  
31 March, 2025
Securities Premium
Balance as at the beginning of the year  15,557.57  15,557.57 
Add: On account of issue of equity shares ESOP  270.39  -   
 15,827.96  15,557.57 
General Reserve
Balance as at the beginning of the year  -    -   
Add: transfer from Share based payment reserve  1,739.41  -   
 1,739.41  -   
Share Based Payment Reserve
Balance as at the beginning of the year  1,657.66  122.53 
Less- Transfer to general reserve (1739.41)  -   
Add- As per actuarial valuation  235.24  1,535.13 
 153.48  1,657.66 
Exchange differences on translating the financial statements of the foreign 
operations
Balance as at the beginning of the year  6.66  -   
Add/(less)- For the period (223.66)  6.66 
(217.00)  6.66 
Retained Earnings
Balance as at the beginning of the year  27,558.32  16,828.72 
Add- Net Profit for the year  22,491.80  10,978.95 
Add/(less) - Other Comprehensive Income for the year (177.56) (10.96)
Add/(less) - Final Dividend Paid (357.68) (238.40)
Net surplus in the statement of profit and loss  49,514.87  27,558.32 
 67,018.72  44,780.21 
Notes:  
(i) Securities Premium  
Securities premium is used to record the premium received on issue of shares. It is to be utilised in accordance with the provisions 
of Companies Act, 2013.
(ii) General Reserve
General Reserve is available for payment of dividend and buy back of equity shares as per the provisions of Companies Act, 2013.
(iii) Share Based Payment Reserve
The share options-based payment reserve is used to recognise the grant date fair value of option issued to employees under 
Employee stock option plan.
(iv) Retained Earnings
Retained earnings are the profits and gains that the Company has earned till date less any transfer to General Reserve, dividends 
or other distributions made to shareholders.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 ST MARCH, 2026
Financial Statements Statutory Reports Corporate Overview
Manorama Industries Limited
Annual Report 2025-26
281

--- page 285 ---
13. LONG TERM BORROWINGS
C in Lacs C in Lacs 
Particulars As at  
31 March, 2026
As at  
31 March, 2025
 From banks (secured)  3,335.14  4,760.32 
 Other Loans from banks (secured)  748.11  663.65 
 4,083.26  5,423.97 
 Less- Current Maturities of long term borrowings (refer note 17)  802.02  1,138.58 
 3,281.24  4,285.39 
Nature of security and terms of repayment for secured borrowings: -
Borrowings                       Rate of 
interest 
 Security  Terms of repayment 
(EMI)  From
 From  To 
 State Bank of 
India 9.15%
Term loan of C 4000 lacs is secured by hypothecation of entire plant 
& machinery installed from bank finance and 1st exclusive charge on 
the entire moveable/immovable fixed assets related to term loan from 
bank. The loan is further secured by personal guarantee of promoters 
and directors of the company.
15-Oct-23 15-Mar-30
 State Bank of 
India 9.25%
Working capital term loan (GECL) of C 458 lacs is secured by 2nd charge 
on the entire current assets purchased/ built up from bank finance and 
margin amount. The loan is further covered under Emergency Credit 
Line Guarantee Scheme (ECLGS).
26-Mar-22 26-Mar-26
 State Bank of 
India 9.25%
Working capital term loan (GECL 2.0 Extn) of C 659 lacs is secured 
by 2nd charge on the entire current assets purchased/ built up from 
bank finance and margin amount. The loan is further covered under 
Emergency Credit Line Guarantee Scheme (ECLGS).
25-Dec-24 25-Nov-28
 Bank of India 9.25%
Working capital term loan (GECL 2.0) of C 162.10 lacs is secured by 1st 
parri passu charge on entire current assets including stock & receivables 
excluding FDRs held by peer banks as exclusive collateral security and 
also secured by 1st parri passu charge on equitable mortgage of land 
and budling of the company alongwith plant & machinery and other 
fixed assets both present and future. The loan is further covered under 
Emergency Credit Line Guarantee Scheme (ECLGS).
30-Mar-22 30-Mar-26
 Bank of India 9.25%
Working capital term loan (GECL 2.0 Extn) of C 340 lacs is secured by 1st 
parri passu charge on entire current assets including stock & receivables 
excluding FDRs held by peer banks as exclusive collateral security and 
also secured by 1st parri passu charge on equitable mortgage of land 
and budling of the company alongwith plant & machinery and other 
fixed assets both present and future. The loan is further covered under 
Emergency Credit Line Guarantee Scheme (ECLGS).
09-Feb-23 09-Feb-27
 Bank of 
Maharashtra 9.25%
Working capital term loan (ECLGS 2.0 Extn) of C 393 lacs is secured 
by 2nd parri passu charge with the existing credit facilities in terms of 
cash flows (including repayment) and security, with charged on assets 
financed under the scheme. The loan is further covered under Emergency 
Credit Line Guarantee Scheme (ECLGS).
04-Feb-24 04-Feb-28
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 ST MARCH, 2026
282

--- page 286 ---
Borrowings                       Rate of 
interest 
 Security  Terms of repayment 
(EMI)  From
 From  To 
 A x i s  B a n k  L t d .                               9.25%
Working capital term loan of C 1260 lacs is secured by Second Pari 
Passu Charge on the existing Security with the bank (Except PG), both 
primary and collateral as captured under the cash credit facilities, 
presently secured to the bank for its existing credit facilities (along with 
ECLGS lenders).
01-Sep-22 01-Jul-26
 Federal Bank 
Ltd., Axis Bank 
Ltd., Bank of 
Baroda & Bank 
of India      
9.00% - 
10.70%  Hypothecation of Vehicle 01-Apr-19 20-Feb-33
14. DEFERRED TAX (ASSETS)/LIABILITIES
C in Lacs
Particulars As at  
31 March, 2026
As at  
31 March, 2025
Temporary differences on account of PPE & Other intangible assets  533.03  476.69 
Temporary differences on account of ROU (26.70) (35.02)
Temporary differences on account of Employee Benefits (224.22) (88.68)
Other temporary differences (24.73) (36.70)
Temporary differences on account of Lease Liabilities  29.79  36.73 
Provision for Expected Credit Loss on trade receivables (3.59) (0.46)
Deferred tax (assets)/liabilities (net)  283.58  352.57 
RECONCILIATION OF DEFERRED TAX (ASSETS)/LIABILITIES (NET)
C in Lacs
Particulars As at  
31 March, 2026
As at  
31 March, 2025
Deferred Tax (Assets)/Liabilities
Deferred tax liability / (assets) at the beginning of the year  352.57  430.06 
Temporary differences on account of Property, plant & equipment  56.34 (46.70)
Temporary differences on account of ROU  8.32 (35.02)
Temporary differences on account of Employee Benefits (135.54) (28.12)
Temporary differences on account of Lease Liabilities (6.93)  36.73 
Other temporary differences  11.97 (10.99)
Provision for Expected Credit Loss on trade receivables (3.14)  6.61 
DEFERRED TAX LIABILITIES / (ASSETS) AT THE END OF THE YEAR  283.58  352.57 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 ST MARCH, 2026
Financial Statements Statutory Reports Corporate Overview
Manorama Industries Limited
Annual Report 2025-26
283

--- page 287 ---
15. OTHER LIABILITIES
C in Lacs
Particulars   Non-Current  Current 
As at  
31 March, 2026
As at  
31 March, 2025
As at  
31 March, 2026
As at  
31 March, 2025
Advance from customers  -    -    978.20  93.57 
Statutory Liabilities  -    -    587.11  222.26 
Deferred capital subsidy  53.17  60.50  7.33  7.33 
 53.17  60.50  1,572.64  323.17 
Note: Note: Deferred capital subsidy  i.e. Government grants have been received for the purchase of certain items of property, plant 
and equipment. There are no unfulfilled conditions or contingencies attached to these grants.
16. PROVISIONS
C in Lacs
Particulars  Long-term Short-term
As at  
31 March, 2026
As at  
31 March, 2025
As at  
31 March, 2026
As at  
31 March, 2025
Provision for employee benefits
 - Provision for Gratuity  553.26  149.33  31.37  14.69 
 - Provision for leave encashment  156.68  37.86  11.02  4.33 
 709.94  187.20  42.39  19.02 
17. SHORT TERM BORROWINGS
C in Lacs  
Particulars As at  
31 March, 2026
As at  
31 March, 2025
Working capital facilities from banks repayable on demand (secured) 31,245.35  42,659.67 
Current maturities of long term borrowings (refer note 13)  802.02  1,138.58 
Loan from directors (at subsidiary company) repayable on demand ( unsecured ) 28.96 -
 32,176.33  43,798.25 
Terms of borrowings:
Working Capital facilities from banks are repayable on demand and are secured as follows:
- Hypothecation of stock and receivables.
- Packing credit limits against hypothecation of stock meant for export.
- Second parri passu charge on Industrial land building, plant and machinery of Birkoni Plant of the company for credit facility from 
Banks.
- Personal Guarantee of Vinita Saraf, Shrey Saraf, Gautam Pal and Ashish Saraf, promoters/directors of the company.
18. TRADE PAYABLES
C in Lacs 
Particulars As at  
31 March, 2026
As at  
31 March, 2025
 -  total outstanding dues of micro enterprises and small enterprises  8.96  64.39 
-   total outstanding dues of creditors other than micro enterprises and small 
enterprises
 9,072.91  1,384.32 
 9,081.87  1,448.71 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 ST MARCH, 2026
284

--- page 288 ---
Trade payables ageing schedule for the year ended as on March 31, 2026 and March 31, 2025:
Particulars Outstanding for Following periods from due date 
of Payment as on 31.03.2026
Total< 1 Years 1-2 Years 2-3 Years  > 3 Years 
(i) MSME  8.96  -    -    -    8.96 
(ii) Others  9,042.79  15.06  4.76  10.30  9,072.91 
(iii) Disputed Dues- MSME  -    -    -    -    -   
(iv) Disputed Dues- Others  -    -    -    -    -   
Total  9,081.87 
Particulars Outstanding for Following periods from due date 
of Payment as on 31.03.2025
Total< 1 Years 1-2 Years 2-3 Years  > 3 Years 
(i) MSME  64.39  -    -    -    64.39 
(ii) Others 1,370.72 7.02 3.44 3.14  1,384.32 
(iii) Disputed Dues- MSME  -    -    -    -    -   
(iv) Disputed Dues- Others  -    -    -    -    -   
Total  1,448.71 
19. OTHER FINANCIAL LIABILITIES
C in Lacs 
Particulars As at  
31 March, 2026
As at  
31 March, 2025
Interest accrued but not due  46.39  10.80 
Payable to directors  686.61  161.68 
Payable to related parties  8.37  18.47 
Unpaid dividend  0.27  0.19 
Forward premium payable  2,330.83  -   
Creditors for capital goods  -    178.55 
Provision for expenses  479.76  666.22 
 3,552.24  1,035.91 
20. REVENUE FROM OPERATIONS
C in Lacs 
Particulars 31 March, 2026 31 March, 2025
Sale of products and by-products
     Domestic  58,945.50  20,776.56 
     Exports  77,289.93  55,932.74 
 136,235.43  76,709.30 
Other operating revenues
Duty Draw Back  15.32  10.85 
Exports Incentives  360.46  244.42 
Sale of scrap  62.67  119.62 
 438.46  374.89 
Total  136,673.89  77,084.19 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 ST MARCH, 2026
Financial Statements Statutory Reports Corporate Overview
Manorama Industries Limited
Annual Report 2025-26
285

--- page 289 ---
Ind AS 115 Revenue from Contracts with Customers
The Group recognises revenue when control over the promised goods or services is transferred to the customer at an amount that 
reflects the consideration to which the Group expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services.
The Group has assessed and determined the following categories for disaggregation of revenue:
C in Lacs 
Particulars 31 March, 2026 31 March, 2025
Revenue from contracts with customer - Sale of products/goods  136,235.43  76,709.30 
Other operating revenues  438.46  374.89 
Total Revenue from operations  136,673.89  77,084.19 
India  59,383.96  21,151.45 
Outside India  77,289.93  55,932.74 
Total Revenue from operations  136,673.89  77,084.19 
Timing of revenue recognition 
At a point in time  136,673.89  77,084.19 
Total Revenue from operations  136,673.89  77,084.19 
Contract balances
Trade Receivables (refer note 9)  6,249.13  10,172.82 
Contract Liabilities
Advance from customers (refer note 15)  978.20  93.57 
Trade receivables are non-interest bearing and are generally on terms of advance or credit period ranges of 1 to 120 days. In March 
2026, C 12.46 lacs was recognised and In March 2025: C 26.26 lacs was reversal towards provision for expected credit losses on 
trade receivables.
Contract liabilities include short-term advances received from customers to deliver manufacturing goods.
Amount of revenue recognised from amounts included in the contract liabilities at the beginning of the year C 93.52 lacs (previous 
year C 21.10 lacs) and performance obligations satisfied in previous years C NIL.
In accordance with paragraph 34 of Ind AS 108 – Operating Segments, the Company had revenues from the following external 
customers amounting to 10% or more of its total revenue during the year only:
Customer 2025-26 % of Total Revenue
Customer A  28,573.91  20.91 
Customer B  26,467.80  19.37 
The revenues from the above customers were generated from the Company’s total revenue from operations. The identity of the 
customers has not been disclosed in accordance with Ind AS 108.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 ST MARCH, 2026
286

--- page 290 ---
21.  OTHER INCOME
C in Lacs  
Particulars 31 March, 2026 31 March, 2025
Interest Income
- on fixed deposits  740.24  731.43 
- on others  15.25  13.65 
Unwinding interest on deposits  1.10  0.82 
Foreign exchange gain  223.22  1,065.73 
Profit on sale of property, plant and equipment  33.80  9.40 
Amortization of deferred capital subsidy  7.33  7.33 
Other miscellaneous income  14.38  272.06 
 1,035.32  2,100.42 
22.  COST OF MATERIALS CONSUMED
C in Lacs
Particulars 31 March, 2026 31 March, 2025
Seeds
Opening Stock  40,797.23  22,401.45 
Add:- Purchases  55,846.82  47,236.17 
Less- Closing Stock  42,898.82  40,797.23 
 53,745.23  28,840.39 
Chemicals
Opening Stock  318.65  203.98 
Add:- Purchases  1,481.79  1,065.24 
Less- Closing Stock  405.01  318.65 
 1,395.43  950.58 
Other raw materials
Opening Stock  3.14  5.59 
Add:- Purchases  33,496.87  7,558.78 
Less- Closing Stock 1,006.95  3.14 
32,493.06 7,561.23 
87,633.72 37,352.20 
23.  CHANGES IN INVENTORIES OF FINISHED GOODS, BY-PRODUCT AND STOCK-IN-TRADE
C in Lacs 
Particulars 31 March, 2026 31 March, 2025
Opening Stock
Finished Goods  12,341.86  15,607.05 
By Product  1,075.11  225.28 
 13,416.98  15,832.33 
Closing Stock
Finished Goods  25,886.20  12,341.86 
By Product  1,829.65  1,075.11 
 27,715.85  13,416.98 
(14,298.87)  2,415.36 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 ST MARCH, 2026
Financial Statements Statutory Reports Corporate Overview
Manorama Industries Limited
Annual Report 2025-26
287

--- page 291 ---
24.  EMPLOYEE BENEFITS EXPENSE
C in Lacs 
Particulars 31 March, 2026 31 March, 2025
     Salary, wages and other benefits  6,489.62  3,297.35 
     Contribution to provident and other funds  88.45  79.12 
     Gratuity expense  192.51  54.54 
     Leave obligation expense  129.96  18.31 
     Employees compensation expense  235.24  1,535.13 
     Staff welfare expenses  95.15  14.77 
 7,230.93  4,999.21 
25.  FINANCE COSTS
C in Lacs C in Lacs 
Particulars 31 March, 2026 31 March, 2025
Interest expenses
- on working capital facilities  3,528.88  3,643.30 
- on Lease liabilities  11.75  11.50 
- on vehicle loans  60.29  38.30 
- on others  1.81  1.27 
   Other borrowing cost  184.51  224.36 
 3,787.24  3,918.74 
26.  DEPRECIATION AND AMORTISATION EXPENSE
C in Lacs C in Lacs 
Particulars 31 March, 2026 31 March, 2025
Depreciation on property, plant and equipment  2,437.10  2,187.21 
Amortization of intangible assets  95.00  -   
Amortization of right-of-use assets  33.06  26.18 
 2,565.15  2,213.39 
27.  OTHER EXPENSES
C in Lacs C in Lacs 
Particulars 31 March, 2026 31 March, 2025
Consumption of stores and spares  796.91  458.14 
Power and fuel  3,678.54  2,963.57 
Labour charges  827.02  649.08 
Processing Charges  3,967.86  1,435.97 
Insurance Expenses  348.03  374.05 
Rent  558.31  354.67 
Rates & Taxes  130.17  76.97 
Research & Development - 216.53
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 ST MARCH, 2026
288

--- page 292 ---
C in Lacs C in Lacs 
Particulars 31 March, 2026 31 March, 2025
Repairs and maintenance
-Plant and machinery  21.83  28.30 
-Others  173.40  232.37 
Lab expenses  216.18  215.09 
Security charges  185.11  133.77 
Travelling Expenses  1,909.48  1,328.48 
Communication expenses  50.64  28.61 
Printing and stationery  104.90  91.68 
Legal and professional  822.54  621.97 
Commission and brokerage  80.16  225.65 
Sales promotion expenses  217.01  104.27 
Freight outwards and other selling expenses  3,772.78  2,927.00 
Packaging expenses  1,094.83  661.90 
Provision for doubtful debts  12.46 (26.26)
Auditor Remuneration  49.82  15.00 
Corporate social responsibility  166.15  90.61 
Bad debt written off  1.59  26.32 
Miscellaneous Expenses  789.13  443.55 
 19,974.84  13,677.32 
28.  EARNINGS PER SHARE
C in Lacs 
Particulars 31 March, 2026 31 March, 2025
Profit / (Loss) after tax  22,491.80  10,978.95 
Weighted average number of equity shares used for calculating basic earnings per 
share
 59,708,530  59,599,050 
Weighted average number of equity shares used for calculating diluted earnings per 
share
 59,726,780  59,815,550 
Face value of Equity Shares (in C) 2.00 2.00
Earnings per share- Basic (in C)  37.67  18.42 
Earnings per share- Diluted (in C)  37.66  18.35 
29.  RELATED PARTY DISCLOSURE
a) Related Parties Nature of relationship
Manorama Earth Private Limited Directors have a significant influence
Manorama Africa Limited Directors have a significant influence
Manorama Savanna Limited - Nigeria Wholly Owned Subsidiary Company from 25.07.2024
Manorama Mena Trading LLC Wholly Owned Subsidiary Company from 22.07.2024
Manorama Africa Benin Wholly Owned Subsidiary Company from 15.10.2024
Manorama Africa Savanna IVC Wholly Owned Subsidiary Company from 10.10.2024
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 ST MARCH, 2026
Financial Statements Statutory Reports Corporate Overview
Manorama Industries Limited
Annual Report 2025-26
289

--- page 293 ---
Manorama Burkina SARL Wholly Owned Subsidiary Company from 18.10.2024
Manorama Savanna Ghana Limited Wholly Owned Subsidiary Company from 06.11.2024
Manorama Latin America Wholly Owned Subsidiary Company from 25.03.2025
Manorama Savanna Togo SARL Wholly Owned Subsidiary Company from 18.09.2024
Taang Kaam Industries SA, Burkina Faso Wholly Owned Subsidiary Company from 16.01.2026
Ritu Saraf Relatives of Key Managerial Personnel’s
Agastya Saraf Relatives of Key Managerial Personnel’s
Aditya  Saraf Relatives of Key Managerial Personnel’s
b) Key Managerial personnel
Vinita Ashish Saraf Director
Ashish Saraf President (upto 22.10.2024), Managing Director / Chairperson (w.e.f. 23.10.2024)
Deep Saraf Vice-President
Shrey Ashish Saraf Director 
Gautam Kumar Pal Managing Director (upto 22.10.2024), Director (w.e.f. 23.10.2024)
Ashish Bakliwal Independent Director (upto 30.04.2025)
Jose Vailappallil Joseph Independent Director
Nipun Sumanlal Mehta Independent Director
Mudit Kumar Singh Independent Director 
Veni Mocherla Independent Director 
Subhaprada Nishtala Independent Director w.e.f. 26.04.2025
Ashok Jain CFO & Whole Time Director 
Deepak Sharma Company Secretary
c) Details of transactions with related parties
C in Lacs 
Name of Party Nature of Transaction 31 March, 2026 31 March, 2025
Manorama Africa Limited Purchases of Goods  19,175.15  22,969.93 
Damini Pal Purchases of Goods  2.96  -   
Manorama Earth Private Limited Car Hire Charges  22.00  24.00 
Ashish Saraf Remuneration  285.00  180.00 
Vinita Saraf Remuneration  154.80  96.77 
Gautam Kumar Pal Remuneration  54.75  51.00 
Gautam Kumar Pal Performance Bonus  41.25  24.00 
Gautam Kumar Pal ESOP Perquisites  113.71  -   
Shrey Saraf Remuneration  67.73  63.00 
Ashok Jain Remuneration  42.38  39.00 
Ashok Jain Performance Bonus  23.00  -   
Ashok Jain ESOP Perquisites  214.75  -   
Ashish Bakliwal Director Sitting Fees  0.20  1.50 
Jose Vailappallil Joseph Director Sitting Fees  3.10  1.80 
Mudit Kumar Singh Director Sitting Fees  3.40  1.80 
Nipun Sumanlal Mehta Director Sitting Fees  3.40  1.80 
Veni Mocherla Director Sitting Fees  3.30  1.80 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 ST MARCH, 2026
290

--- page 294 ---
Name of Party Nature of Transaction 31 March, 2026 31 March, 2025
Subhaprada Nishtala Director Sitting Fees  2.90  -   
Vinita Saraf Director Sitting Fees  -    0.80 
Vinita Saraf Rent  30.00  30.00 
Deep Saraf Remuneration  67.73  63.00 
Ritu Saraf Remuneration  23.65  22.00 
Deepak Sharma Remuneration  21.10  17.40 
Deepak Sharma Performance Bonus  5.00  -   
Deepak Sharma ESOP Perquisites  87.18  -   
Agastya Saraf Remuneration  8.75  2.97 
Aditya  Saraf Remuneration  5.87  2.76 
Ashish Saraf Performance Bonus  700.00  139.00 
Vinita Saraf Performance Bonus  233.00  56.00 
Deep Saraf Performance Bonus  163.00  39.00 
Shrey Saraf Performance Bonus  70.00  17.00 
d) Balance (payable to)/receivable from related parties
Name of Party
Manorama Africa Limited Advance for Purchases of Goods  662.80  624.23 
Manorama Earth Private Limited Car Hire Charges Payable (4.12) (6.18)
Ashish Saraf Remuneration Payable (385.88) (100.10)
Vinita Saraf Remuneration Payable (148.60) (42.05)
Gautam Kumar Pal Remuneration Payable/Advance salary  5.04 (3.12)
Shrey Saraf Remuneration Payable (45.82) (13.53)
Ashok Jain Remuneration Payable (15.35) (2.43)
Ashish Bakliwal Director Sitting Fees Payable  -   (0.09)
Jose Vailappallil Joseph Director Sitting Fees Payable  -   (0.09)
Mudit Kumar Singh Director Sitting Fees Payable  -   (0.09)
Nipun Sumanlal Mehta Director Sitting Fees Payable  -   (0.09)
Veni Mocherla Director Sitting Fees Payable  -   (0.09)
Deep Saraf Remuneration Payable (20.32) (16.39)
Ritu Saraf Remuneration Payable/Advance salary  0.43 (1.14)
Deepak Sharma Remuneration Payable  -   (1.20)
Agastya Saraf Remuneration Payable/Advance salary  1.22 (0.26)
Aditya  Saraf Remuneration Payable  -   (0.24)
During the previous year, the group granted stock options to the Key Management Personnel under it’s ESOP Scheme at ‘Market 
Price’ [with in the meaning of the Securities Exchange Board of India (Share Based Employee Benefits) Regulations, 2014]. Since 
such options are not tradeable, no perquisites or benefits is immediately conferred upon the employee by such grant options and 
accordingly, the said grant has not been considered as remuneration. However, the group has recorded employee benefits expense 
by way of Share Based Payment obligation, in accordance with Ind AS - 112 at C 235.24 lacs for the year ended 31st March, 2026  
(2025: C 1535.13 lacs), out of which C 33.97 lacs (2025: C 319.82 lacs) is attributable to Key Management Personnel.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 ST MARCH, 2026
Financial Statements Statutory Reports Corporate Overview
Manorama Industries Limited
Annual Report 2025-26
291

--- page 295 ---
Terms and conditions of transactions with related parties
All related party transactions entered during the year were in ordinary course of business and on arm’s length basis. Outstanding 
balances at the year-end are unsecured and will be settled in cash. There have been no guarantees provided or received for any 
related party receivables or payables. For the year ended 31 March 2026, the group has not recorded any impairment of receivables 
relating to amounts owed by related parties (31 March 2025: C Nil). This assessment is undertaken each financial year through 
examining the financial position of the related party and the market in which the related party operates.
Transactions and balances with subsidiaries are eliminated on consolidation.
30. CONTINGENT LIABILITIES AND CAPITAL COMMITMENTS:
(a) Con tingent Liability:
Claims against the group not acknowledged as debts C 80.84 Lacs (Previous Year C 80.84 Lacs).
Disputed liability of C 19.13 Lacs (Previous Year C 19.13 Lacs) on account of Goods and Services Tax against which the group 
has preferred an appeal.
Disputed liability of C 34.51 Lacs (Previous Year C Nil) on account of Income Tax against which the group is going to file 
rectification application.
Disputed liability of C 0.51 Lacs (Previous Year C 0.67 lacs) on account of TDS default appearing in Traces Site for which 
rectification is being filed.
(b) Cap ital Commitments:  
C in Lacs
Particulars 31 March, 2026 31 March, 2025
Estimated amount of contracts remaining to be executed on capital account 
and not provided for (net of capital advances)
 31.95  1,545.76 
 31.95  1,545.76 
31. DISCLOSURES AS REQUIRED BY INDIAN ACCOUNTING STANDARD (IND AS) 19 EMPLOYEE BENEFITS:
a. Defi ned Contribution Plan:
The Group has certain defined contribution plans viz. provident fund . Contributions are made to provident fund in India for 
employees at the rate of 12% of basic salary as per regulations. The contributions are made to registered provident fund 
administered by the government. The obligation of the Group is limited to the amount contributed and it has no further 
contractual nor any constructive obligation. 
An amount of C 88.45 lacs (P .Y. C 79.12 lacs) is recognised as an expenses and included in employee benefit expense as under 
the following defined contribution plans (Refer Note no 24).
b. Defi ned benefit plan:
Leave Obligations:    
The Group provides for the encashment of leave or leave with pay subject to certain rules. The employees are entitled to 
accumulate leave subject to certain limits, for future encashment. The liability is provided based on the number days of 
unutilised leave at each balance sheet date on the basis of year-end actuarial valuation using projected unit credit method. 
The scheme is unfunded.
Based on past experience and in keeping with Group’s practice, the Group does not expect all employees to take the full amount 
of accrued leave or require payment within the next 12 months and accordingly the total year end provision determined on 
actuarial valuation, as aforesaid is classified between current and non current.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 ST MARCH, 2026
292

--- page 296 ---
An amount of C 129.96 lacs (P .Y. C 18.31 lacs) is recognised as an expenses and included in employee benefit expense as 
under the following defined contribution plans (Refer Note no 24).
Gratuity:
The Gratuity scheme is a final salary defined benefit plan that provides for a lump sum payment made on exit either by way 
of retirement, death, disability or voluntary withdrawal. The benefits are defined on the basis of final salary and the period of 
service and paid as lump sum at exit. Benefits provided under this plan is as per the requirement of the Payment of Gratuity 
Act, 1972. The scheme is unfunded.
C in Lacs
Particulars Gratuity
2025-26 2024-25
(Non Funded) (Non Funded)
I Change in Present value of defined benefit obligation during the year:
Present value of defined benefit obligation at the beginning of the year  164.02  95.93 
Interest Cost  12.30  6.48 
Current Service Cost  180.21  48.06 
Past Service Cost  -    -   
Benefit paid directly by employer (9.18) (1.09)
Actuarial Changes arising from changes in financial assumption  362.06  7.45 
Actuarial Changes arising from changes in experience assumption (124.78)  7.20 
Present value of defined benefit obligation at the end of the year  584.63  164.02 
II Change in fair value of plan assets during the year:
Fair value of plan assets at the beginning of the year  -    -   
Contribution paid by the employer  9.18  1.09 
Benefit paid (9.18)  (1.09)
Fair value of plan assets at the end of the year  -    -   
III Net asset / (liability) recognised in the balance sheet:
Present Value of defined benefit obligation at the end of the year  584.63  164.02 
Fair value of plan assets at the end of the year  -    -   
Amount recognised in the balance sheet
Net asset / (liability) - Current 31.37 14.69
Net asset / (liability) - Non Current 553.26 149.33
IV Expenses recognized in the statement of profit and loss for the year:
Current Service Cost  180.21  48.06 
Interest Cost on benefit obligation (Net)  12.30  6.48 
Total expenses included in employee benefits expenses  192.51  54.54 
V Recognized in other comprehensive income for the year:
Actuarial Changes arising from changes in financial assumption  362.06  7.45 
Actuarial Changes arising from changes in experience assumption (124.78)  7.20 
Recognized in other comprehensive income for the year:  237.28  14.65 
VI Maturity profile of defined benefit obligation:
Within the next 12 months (next annual reporting period)  31.37  14.69 
Between 2 and 5 years  44.72  25.90 
6 years to 10 years  80.49  64.39 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 ST MARCH, 2026
Financial Statements Statutory Reports Corporate Overview
Manorama Industries Limited
Annual Report 2025-26
293

--- page 297 ---
C in Lacs
Particulars Gratuity
2025-26 2024-25
(Non Funded) (Non Funded)
VII Quantitative Sensitivity analysis for significant assumption is as below:
1% point increase in discount rate  495.10  144.05 
1% point decrease in discount rate  696.82  188.48 
1% point increase rate of salary Increase  687.69  188.16 
1% point decrease rate of salary Increase  499.70  143.92 
1% point increase rate of employee turnover rate  537.28  163.51 
1% point decrease rate of employee turnover rate  641.50  164.61 
VIII Sen sitivity Analysis Method:   
 Sen sitivity Analysis is determined based on the expected movement in liability if the assumption were not proved to be 
true on different count.
IX Actuarial assumptions:
C in Lacs
Particulars Gratuity
2025-26 2024-25
(Non Funded) (Non Funded)
1 Discount rate 7.50% 6.75%
2 Salary escalation 7.00% 7.00%
3 Mortality rate during employment Indian Assured Lives 
Mortality (2012-14) Ult.
Indian Assured Lives 
Mortality (2012-14) Ult.
4 Mortality post retirement rate Indian Assured Lives 
Mortality (2012-14) Ult.
Indian Assured Lives 
Mortality (2012-14) Ult.
5 Rate of Employee Turnover 1% to 5% 1% to 5%
Notes:   
(i)  The  actuarial valuation of the defined obligation were carried out at 31st March, 2026. The present value of the defined 
benefit obligation and the related current service cost and past service cost, were measured using the projected Unit 
Credit Method. 
(ii)  Ris k Exposure   
Through its defined benefit plans, the Group is exposed to some risks, the most significant of which are detailed below:
Interest rate risk :
The defined benefit obligation calculated uses a discount rate based on government bonds. If bond yields fall, the defined 
benefit obligation will tend to increase.  
Salary inflation risk :
Higher than expected increases in salary will increase the defined benefit obligation.  
Demographic risk :
This is the risk of variability of results due to unsystematic nature of decrements that include mortality, withdrawal, 
disability and retirement. The effect of these decrements on the defined benefit obligation is not straight forward and 
depends upon the combination of salary increase, discount rate and vesting criteria. It is important not to overstate 
withdrawals because in the financial analysis the retirement benefit of a short career employee typically costs less per 
year as compared to a long service employee.  
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 ST MARCH, 2026
294

--- page 298 ---
32. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVE AND POLICIES
The Group’s principal financial liabilities comprise of loans and borrowings, trade payables and other financial liabilities. The 
main purpose of these financial liabilities is to finance the Group’s operations. The Group’s principal financial assets include 
trade and other receivables, and cash and short-term deposits that derive directly from its operations. The Group also enters 
into derivative contracts.
The Group is exposed to the following risks from its use of financial instruments:
- Credit risk
- Liquidity risk
- Interest rate risk
- Currency risk
- Price risk
The Group’s board of directors has overall responsibility for the establishment and oversight of the Group’s risk management 
framework. This note presents information about the risks associated with its financial instruments, the Group’s objectives, 
policies and processes for measuring and managing risk, and the Group’s management of capital. 
Credit Risk 
The Group is exposed to credit risk as a result of the risk of counterparties non performance or default on their obligations. 
The Group’s exposure to credit risk primarily relates to investments in fixed deposits with banks, accounts receivable and cash 
and cash equivalents. The Group monitors and limits its exposure to credit risk on a continuous basis. The Group’s credit 
risk associated with accounts receivable is primarily related to party not able to settle their obligation as agreed. To manage 
this the Group periodically reviews the financial reliability of its customers, taking into account the financial condition, current 
economic trends and analysis of historical bad debts and ageing of accounts receivables. 
Trade receivables
Trade receivables represent the most significant exposure to credit risk and are stated after an allowance for impairment and 
expected credit loss.
Bank, Cash and cash equivalents
Bank, Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash in hand and deposits which are readily convertible to cash. These are subject 
to insignificant risk of change in value or credit risk.
The carrying amount of financial assets represents the maximum credit exposure. The maximum exposure to credit risk at 
the reporting date was:
C in Lacs 
Particulars 31-Mar-26 31-Mar-25
Trade receivables  6,249.13  10,172.82 
Bank, Cash and cash equivalents  9,387.44  9,834.57 
Impairment losses
C in Lacs 
Particulars 31-Mar-26 31-Mar-25
Trade receivables (measured under life time excepted credit loss model)
Opening balance  1.82  28.08 
Provided during the year  12.46  (26.26)
Closing balance  14.28  1.82 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 ST MARCH, 2026
Financial Statements Statutory Reports Corporate Overview
Manorama Industries Limited
Annual Report 2025-26
295

--- page 299 ---
Ageing analysis
C in Lacs 
Particulars 31-Mar-26 31-Mar-25
Upto 3 months  6,236.43 9,540.51
3-6 months  3.66 562.12
More than 6 months  23.33 72.01
 6,263.41  10,174.64 
No significant changes in estimation techniques or assumptions were made during the reporting period  
Liquidity risk   
The Group is exposed to liquidity risk related to its ability to fund its obligations as they become due. The Group monitors and 
manages its liquidity risk to ensure access to sufficient funds to meet operational and financial requirements. The Group has 
access to credit facilities and debt capital markets and monitors cash balances daily. In relation to the Group’s liquidity risk, 
the Group’s policy is to ensure, as far as possible, that it will always have sufficient liquidity to meet its liabilities when due, 
under both normal and stressed conditions as they fall due while minimizing finance costs, without incurring unacceptable 
losses or risking damage to the Group’s reputation.
Financing arrangements  
The Group has access to following undrawn borrowing facilities at the end of the reporting period:
C in Lacs 
Particulars 31-Mar-26 31-Mar-25
Working capital facilities from banks 28,654.65  1,340.33 
Further, the Company is having financial commitment in respect of capital contribution to subsidiaries companies as on 31 
March, 2026 Rs.785.61 Lacs (Previous year Rs. 2000.96 Lacs).
Maturities of financial liabilities
The contractual undiscounted cash flows of financial liabilities are as follows:
C in Lacs 
As at 31 March 2026 Less than 1 
year 
<1-5 years More than 5 
years
Total 
Borrowings  32,176.33  3,248.29  32.95  35,457.56 
Lease liabilities  31.73  86.65  -    118.38 
Trade payables  9,081.87  -    -    9,081.87 
Other financial liabilities  3,552.24  -    -    3,552.24 
 44,842.17  3,334.93  32.95  48,210.05 
C in Lacs 
As at 31 March 2025 Less than 1 
year 
<1-5 years More than 5 
years
Total 
Borrowings  43,798.25  4,285.39  -    48,083.64 
Lease liabilities  33.46  112.47  145.93 
Trade payables  1,448.71  -    -    1,448.71 
Other financial liabilities  1,035.91  -    -    1,035.91 
 46,316.33  4,397.86  -    50,714.19 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 ST MARCH, 2026
296

--- page 300 ---
Interest rate risk 
Interest rate risk is the risk that an upward movement in the interest rate would adversely effect the borrowing cost of the 
Group. The Group is exposed to long term and short-term borrowings, Commercial Paper Program. The Group manages 
interest rate risk by monitoring its mix of fixed and floating rate instruments, and taking action as necessary to maintain an 
appropriate balance. 
The exposure of the Group’s borrowings to interest rate changes at the end of the reporting period are as follows:
a) Interest rate risk exposure
C in Lacs 
Particulars 31-Mar-26 31-Mar-25
Variable rate borrowings  35,312.32  47,889.34 
Fixed rate borrowings  145.25  194.30 
b) Sensitivity analysis
Profit or loss estimate to higher/lower interest rate expense from borrowings as a result of changes in interest rates. 
C in Lacs 
Impact on profit after tax 
Particulars 31-Mar-26 31-Mar-25
Interest rates - increase by 70 basis points  (247.19) (335.23)
Interest rates - decrease by 70 basis points  247.19  335.23 
FOREX EXPOSURE RISK  
The Group operates internationally and portion of the business is transacted in several currencies and consequently the 
Group is exposed to foreign exchange risk through purchases from overseas suppliers in various foreign currencies.
Foreign currency exchange rate exposure is partly balanced by hedging of exposure by forward contract of purchasing of 
goods in the respective currencies. 
The Group evaluates exchange rate exposure arising from foreign currency transactions and the Group follows established 
risk management policies to foreign currency risk.
Currency in Lacs 
Particulars Currency 31-Mar-26 31-Mar-25
Trade Payables USD  22.23  11.19 
Trade Payables EURO  37.54  2.85 
Receivable USD  30.74  108.95 
Receivable EURO  0.83  -   
Profit or loss estimate to higher/lower as a result of changes in foreign exchange rates-
C in Lacs
Impact on profit after tax 
Particulars 31-Mar-26 31-Mar-25
Foreign exchange rates - increase by 1%  23.96 (56.72)
Foreign exchange rates - decrease by 1%  (23.96) 56.72
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 ST MARCH, 2026
Financial Statements Statutory Reports Corporate Overview
Manorama Industries Limited
Annual Report 2025-26
297

--- page 301 ---
33. CAPITAL MANAGEMENT
The Group’s main objectives when managing capital are to:
- ensure sufficient liquidity is available (either through cash and cash equivalents, investments or committed credit facilities) 
to meet   the needs of the business;
·  ensur e compliance with covenants related to its credit facilities; and
·  minimiz e finance costs while taking into consideration current and future industry, market and economic risks and 
conditions.
·  saf eguard its ability to continue as a going concern
·  to maintain  an ef fi cient mix of debt and equity funding thus achieving an optimal capital structure and cost of capital.”
The Board of Directors has the primary responsibility to maintain a strong capital base and reduce the cost of capital through 
prudent management of deployed funds and leveraging opportunities in domestic and international financial markets so as to 
maintain investor, creditor and market confidence and to sustain future development of the business.
For the purpose of Group’s capital management, capital includes issued capital and all other equity reserves. The Group 
manages its capital structure in light of changes in the economic and regulatory environment and the requirements of the 
financial covenants. 
The Group manages its capital on the basis of net debt to equity ratio which is net debt (total borrowings including lease 
liabilities net of cash and cash equivalents) divided by total equity.  
C in Lacs 
Particulars 31 March 2026 31 March 2025
Total debt including lease liabilities  35,575.94  48,229.57 
Less : Bank, Cash and cash equivalent  9,387.44  9,834.57 
Net debt  26,188.51  38,395.00 
Total equity  68,212.89  45,972.19 
Net debt to equity ratio  0.38  0.84 
During the year the Group has complied with major covenants of the terms of sanction of the loan facilities throughout the 
year.
34. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS - ACCOUNTING CLASSIFICATIONS AND FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS 
 The  following methods and assumptions were used to estimate the fair values:
1. F air value of cash and short-term deposits, trade and other short term receivables, trade payables, other current liabilities, 
short term loans from banks and other financial institutions approximate their carrying amounts largely due to the short-term 
maturities of these instruments.
2. Fina ncial instruments with fixed and variable interest rates are evaluated by the Group based on parameters such as interest 
rates and individual credit worthiness of the counter party. Based on this evaluation, allowances are taken to account for the 
expected losses of these receivables.
 The  Group uses the following hierarchy for determining and disclosing the fair value of financial instruments by valuation 
technique:
 Le vel 1 : quoted (unadjusted)prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities
 Le vel 2 : other techniques for which all inputs which have a significant effect on the recorded fair value are observable, either 
directly or indirectly 
 Le vel 3 : techniques which use inputs that have a significant effect on the recorded fair value that are not based on observable 
market data
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 ST MARCH, 2026
298

--- page 302 ---
C in Lacs 
Carrying amount
As at 31.03.2026 Level 1 Level 2 Level 3
Financial assets at amortised cost:
Trade receivables 6249.13  -    -    -   
Other financial assets  4,876.81 
Bank, Cash and bank balances 9387.44  -    -    -   
20513.38  -    -    -   
Financial liabilities at amortised cost:
Long term borrowings 3281.24  -    -    -   
Lease Liabilities 118.38
Short term borrowings 32176.33  -    -    -   
Trade payables 9081.87  -    -    -   
Other financial liabilities 3552.24  -    -    -   
Total 48210.05  -    -    -   
C in Lacs 
Carrying amount
As at 31.03.2025 Level 1 Level 2 Level 3
Financial assets at amortised cost:
Trade receivables 10172.82  -    -    -   
Other financial assets 557.96
Bank, Cash and bank balances 9834.57  -    -    -   
20565.34  -    -    -   
Financial liabilities at amortised cost:
Long term borrowings 4285.39  -    -    -   
Short term borrowings 43798.25  -    -    -   
Trade payables 1448.71  -    -    -   
Lease liabilities 145.93  -    -    -   
Other financial liabilities 1035.91  -    -    -   
Total 50714.19  -    -    -   
During the reporting period ending 31st March, 2026 and 31st March, 2025, there were no transfers between Level 1 and Level 
2 fair value measurements.
35. LEASES:
Group as a lessee
The Group has lease contract for properties used for office purpose. Leases of properties have lease terms of 5 years. The 
Group’s obligations under its leases are secured by the lessor’s title to the leased assets. Generally, the Group is restricted 
from assigning and subleasing the leased assets. 
Set out below are the carrying amounts of right-of-use assets recognised and the movements during the period:
Particulars C in Lacs
As at 1 April, 2025  139.14 
Additions  -   
Depreciation expense  33.06 
As at 31 March, 2026  106.08 
Set out below are the carrying amounts of lease liabilities and the movements during the period:  
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 ST MARCH, 2026
Financial Statements Statutory Reports Corporate Overview
Manorama Industries Limited
Annual Report 2025-26
299

--- page 303 ---
C in Lacs 
Particulars 2026 2025
As at 1 April, 2025  145.93  -   
Additions  -    164.36 
Accretion of interest  11.75  11.50 
Payments  39.30  29.93 
As at 31 March, 2026  118.38  145.93 
Current  31.73  33.46 
Non-current  86.65  112.47 
The effective interest rate for lease liabilities is 8.05%, with maturity of 5 years. 
Short-term and leases of low value assets
The Group applies the short-term lease recognition exemption to its short-term leases (i.e., those leases that have a lease 
term of 12 months or less from the commencement date and do not contain a purchase option). Lease payments on short-
term leases and leases of low-value assets are recognised as expense on a straight-line basis over the lease term.
The following are the amounts recognised in the statement of profit & loss:
C in Lacs 
Particulars 2026 2025
Depreciation expense of right-of-use assets  33.06  26.18 
Interest expense on lease liabilities  11.75  11.50 
Expense relating to short-term and leases of low-value assets (included in 
other expenses)
 558.31  354.67 
Total amount recognised in profit or loss  603.12  392.35 
The Group had total cash outflows for leases of C 597.60 lacs in 31 March 2026 ( C 384.60 lacs in 31 March 2025). The Group 
also had non-cash additions to right-of-use assets and lease liabilities of C Nil in 31 March 2026 ( C 164.36 lacs in 31 March 
2025).
36. TAX EXPENSE
C in Lacs 
Particulars Year ended 
31 March, 2026
Year ended 
31 March, 2025
i) Tax expense recognised in statement of profit or loss
a) Current tax 
 Income Tax for the period  8,248.02  3,703.26 
Tax related to earlier years  85.64  -   
 8,333.66  3,703.26 
b) Deferred tax 
Origination of temporary differences (9.26) (73.81)
(9.26) (73.81)
Total Tax expense  8,324.39  3,629.45 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 ST MARCH, 2026
300

--- page 304 ---
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 ST MARCH, 2026
C in Lacs 
Particulars 31 March 2026 31 March 2025
ii) Tax recognised in Other Comprehensive Income
Remeasurements of defined benefit plans  59.72  3.69 
 59.72  3.69 
iii) Reconciliation of tax expense and accounting profit 
Accounting profit before tax from continuing operations  30,816.19  14,608.40 
Expected Tax Rate 25.17% 25.17%
Tax using the Group’s domestic tax rate  7,755.82  3,676.64 
Adjustments in respect of current income tax of previous years  85.64  -   
Expense not allowed for tax purpose  43.08 85.35
Deduction under chapter VIA (22.69) (16.60)
Other temporary differences  462.55 (116.13)
Effective income tax rate 27.01% 24.84%
Income tax reported in the statement of profit and loss  8,324.39  3,629.45 
37. DISTRIBUTION MADE AND PROPOSED:
31 March 2026 31 March 2025
Final dividends on Equity shares:
Final dividend for the year ended on 31 March 2026: C 0.60 per share (previous 
year C 0.40 per share) 
 357.68  238.40 
Proposed dividends on Equity shares:
Proposed dividend for the year ended on 31 March 2026: C 0.80 per share  
(31 March 2025: C 0.60 per share)
 477.67  357.59 
Proposed final dividends on equity shares are subject to approval at the annual general meeting and are not recognised as a 
liability as at 31 March 2026.  
38. SEGMENT REPORTING
The Group’s only identifiable reportable Business segment is Manufacturing of Exotic Seed based Fats and Butters including 
Cocoa Butter Equivalent (CBE). Further , the Group operates and controls its business activities within/from  India, except 
export of goods. Hence disclosure of Segment wise information is not applicable under Indian Accounting Standard - 108 
“Segment Information” (Ind AS-108) .
39. No proceedings have been initiated or pending against the Group for holding any benami property under the Benami 
Transactions (Prohibition) Act, 1988 (45 of 1988) and rules made thereunder..
40. None of the banks, financial institutions or other lenders from whom the Group has borrowed funds has declared the Group 
as a wilful defaulter at any time during the current  year or in previous year..
41. The Group has working capital facilities from banks on the basis of security of current assets & submitting quarterly Financial 
Follow up Report as per the terms & conditions of sanction letters. There are no material discrepancies in the amount of 
current assets between Financial Follow Report and books of accounts..
Financial Statements Statutory Reports Corporate Overview
Manorama Industries Limited
Annual Report 2025-26
301

--- page 305 ---
42. All the charges or satisfaction of which is required to be registered with Registrar of Companies(ROC) have been duly 
registered within the statutory time limit provided under the provisions of Companies Act 2013 and rules made thereunder..
43. The Group has not undertaken any transactions with companies struck off under section 248 of the Companies Act 2013 or 
section 560 of Companies Act 1956 during the current year or in previous year..
44. The Group has not made any loans or advances in the nature of loans to Promoters,Directors,KMP’s and the related parties 
which are outstanding as at the end of the current year and previous year..
45. All the transactions are recorded in the books of accounts and there was no income that has been surrendered or disclosed 
as income during the year in the tax assessments under the Income Tax Act, 1961. Also there was no previously unrecorded 
income and related assets which has been recorded in the books of account during the year.
46. The Group has complied with the number of layers of companies prescribed under clause (87) of section 2 of the Act read 
with the Companies (Restriction on number of Layers) Rules, 2017.
47. No scheme of compromise or arrangement has been proposed between the Company & its members or the Company & its 
creditors under section 230 of the Companies Act 2013 (“The Act”) and accordingly the disclosure as to whether the scheme 
of  compromise or arrangement has been approved or not by the  competent authority in terms of provisions of  sections 
230 to 237 of the Act is not applicable.
48.
The Company has not advanced or loaned or invested funds  to any other persons or entities, including foreign entities 
(Intermediaries) with the understanding, whether recorded in writing or otherwise, that the Intermediary shall directly or 
indirectly lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or on behalf of the Company 
(Ultimate Beneficiaries) or  provide any guarantee, security or the like to or on behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries. Further, 
the Company has not received any fund from any persons or entities, including foreign entities (Funding Party) with the 
understanding , whether recorded in writing or otherwise, that the Company shall  directly or indirectly lend or invest in other 
persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or on behalf of the Funding Party (Ultimate Beneficiaries) or  
provide any guarantee, security or the like on behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries..
49. The Group has neither traded nor invested in Crypto Currency or Virtual Currency during the financial year.
50.
The Government of India had announced the implementation of the four Labour Codes - The Code on Wages, 2019, The 
Industrial Relations Code, 2020, The Code on Social Security, 2020 and The Occupational Safety, Health and Working 
Conditions Code, 2020 (collectively referred to as ‘the New Labour Codes’) with effect from 21 November 2025, The Ministry 
of Labour & Employment had issued draft Central Rules and FAQs to facilitate assessment of the financial impact arising 
from these regulatory changes. On the basis of information available and actuarial valuation, the Group has assessed and 
accounted the impact of these changes, which is not significant. 
51 Previous year figures have been regroupped/rearranged wherever necessary.
 As per our report of even date. 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 ST MARCH, 2026
 For Singhi & Co. For and on behalf of the Board of Directors of Manorama Industries Limited
 Chartered Accountants 
 (ICAI Firm Regn. No:302049E) 
 Sanjay Kumar Dewangan Ashish Ramesh Saraf Ashok Jain
 Partner Managing Director CFO & Whole time director
 Membership No.: 409524 DIN-00183357 DIN-09791163
Shrey Ashish Saraf Deepak Sharma
Director Company Secretary
DIN-07907037 ACS 48707
 Raipur 
 11th May, 2026 
302

--- page 306 ---
NOTICE
Registered Office: Office No. 701, 7 th Floor, Bonanza Building, 
Sahar Plaza Complex, Andheri Kurla Road, Andheri East, 
Mumbai, Maharashtra-400059.
Corporate Office: F-6, Anupam Nagar, Raipur, Chhattisgarh - 
492007 
CIN: L15142MH2005PLC243687;
Tel: 022-67088148; Fax: 0771 4056958 
Website: www.manoramagroup.co.in
Email: cs@manoramagroup.co.in
NOTICE is hereby given that the 21 st Annual General Meeting 
(“AGM”) of the members of Manorama Industries Limited (“the 
Company”), will be held on Monday, September 21, 2026, at  
03:00 P .M., Indian Standard Time (IST”), through Video 
Conferencing/Other Audio Visual Means (“VC/OAVM”) for 
which the registered office of the company situated at Office 
No. 701, 7 th Floor, Bonanza Building, Sahar Plaza Complex, 
Andheri Kurla Road, Andheri East, Mumbai, Maharashtra – 
400059, India shall be deemed as the venue for the meeting 
and the proceedings of the agm shall be deemed to be made 
thereat, to transact the following business:
ORDINARY BUSINESS
1. T o receive, consider and adopt the Audited Standalone 
and Consolidated Financial Statements of the Company 
for the Financial Year ended March 31, 2026, together 
with the Report of the Board of Directors and the Auditors 
thereon:
2. T o appoint a Director in place of Mr. Gautam Kumar 
Pal (DIN: 07645652) Whole-Time Director, who retires 
by rotation and being eligible, offers himself for re-
appointment.
3. T o declare a Final Dividend @ 40 % [ ` 0.80 (Rupees 
Eighty paisa only)] per equity share on face value of ` 2/- 
(Rupees Two only) each per Equity Share for the Financial 
year ended March 31, 2026.
SPECIAL BUSINESS
4. T o ratify the remuneration payable to M/s. S N & Co, 
Cost Accountants, appointed as Cost Auditors of the 
Company.  
 T o consider and if thought fit, to pass with or without 
modification(s), the following resolution as an Ordinary 
Resolution:
 “RE SOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Section 
148 and other applicable provisions of the Companies 
Act, 2013 read with Rule 14 of the Companies (Audit 
and Auditors) Rules, 2014 (including any statutory 
modification(s) or re-enactment thereof for the time 
being in force), the remuneration payable to M/s. S N & 
Co, Cost Accountants (Firm Registration No. 000309), 
appointed as the Cost Auditors by the Board of Directors 
of the Company on the recommendation of the Audit 
Committee to conduct the audit of the cost accounting 
records of the Company for the Financial Year ending 
March 31, 2027, amounting to ` 1,00,000/- (Rupees One 
Lakh only) plus applicable taxes and reimbursement of 
out of pocket expenses that may be incurred by them, be 
and is hereby ratified and approved. 
 RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board of Directors and/ 
or any other person authorized by the Board be and is 
hereby severally authorized to do all such acts, deeds and 
things as may be necessary, expedient and desirable for 
the purpose of giving effect to this resolution.”
5. T o consider and approve Material Related Party 
Transaction.
 T o consider and if thought fit, to pass with or without 
modification(s) the following resolution as an Ordinary 
Resolution:
 “RE SOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Section 
2(76) and Section 188 of the Companies Act, 2013, read 
with rules made thereunder, the provisions of Regulations 
2(1)(zc), 23(4) of the Securities and Exchange Board of 
India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 (“SEBI Listing Regulations”), SEBI 
Circulars/Industry Standards issued from time to time 
and, such other applicable provisions of law, if any, and any 
amendments, modifications, variations or re-enactments 
thereof (“Applicable Laws”) and the ‘Policy for dealing 
with Related Party Transactions’ of the Company as may 
be applicable from time to time, as well as subject to such 
approval(s), consent(s) and/or permission(s), as may be 
required and pursuant to the approval and based on the 
recommendation of the Audit Committee and the Board 
of Directors of the Company, consent of the Members be 
and is hereby accorded to the Board of Directors of the 
Company (hereinafter referred to as ’Board’, which term 
shall deem to include any Committee empowered by the 
Board from time to time to exercise its powers conferred 
by this resolution) for entering into and/or carrying 
out contracts/arrangements/transactions (whether 
individual transaction or transactions taken together 
or series of transactions or otherwise) for the period 
beginning from the ensuing 21 st Annual General Meeting 
till the conclusion of 22 nd Annual General Meeting to be 
held in the Financial Year 2027 with the below mentioned 
related party(ies), notwithstanding the fact that the 
aggregate value of these transactions for each such 
party, during the said period may exceed the thresholds 
specified in Schedule XII of SEBI Listing Regulations, as 
prescribed under applicable laws or any other materiality 
threshold, as may be applicable from time to time, 
provided however, that the said contracts/arrangements/
transactions shall be carried out at an arm’s length basis 
and in the ordinary course of business of the Company.
Manorama Industries Limited
Annual Report 2025-26
303

--- page 307 ---
Sr. 
No.
Name of the 
Related Party
Nature of 
Relationship
Type of 
Transaction
Value of 
Transaction 
(` In crores)
1 Manorama 
Africa 
Limited
Directors 
have 
significant 
Influence
Purchase 
of Raw 
Materials/
Services
200
 RESOL VED FURTHER THAT  the Members of the 
Company do hereby approve and accord further approval 
to the Board to do and perform all such acts, deeds, 
matters and things, as may be necessary, including 
but not limited to, finalizing the terms and conditions, 
methods and modes in respect of executing necessary 
documents, including contract(s)/arrangement(s) and 
other ancillary documents; seeking necessary approvals 
from the authorities; settling all such issues, questions, 
difficulties or doubts whatsoever that may arise and to 
take all such decisions from powers herein conferred; 
and delegate all or any of the powers herein conferred 
to any Committee of Directors and/or Director and/or 
Chief Financial Officer and/or, Company Secretary or any 
other Officer/Authorised Representative of the Company, 
without being required to seek further consent from the 
Members and that the Members shall be deemed to have 
accorded their consent thereto expressly by the authority 
of this Resolution.
 RESOLVED FURTHER THAT all actions taken by the Board 
in connection with any matter referred to or contemplated 
in this Resolution, be and is hereby approved and 
confirmed in all respects.”
By order of the Board of Directors
For Manorama Industries Limited
Sd/-
Deepak Sharma
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer
 Membership No. A48707
Date: August 13, 2026
Registered Office:
Office No. 701, 7 th Floor, Bonanza Building, Sahar Plaza 
Complex, Andheri Kurla Road, Andheri East, Mumbai, 
Maharashtra – 400059
Notes :
I. GENERAL INSTRUC TIONS FOR ACCESSING AND 
PARTICIPATING IN THE 21 ST AGM THROUGH VC/
OAVM AND VOTING THROUGH ELECTRONIC MEANS 
INCLUDING REMOTE E-VOTING: -  
1) In compliance with the applicable provisions of the 
Companies Act, 2013 (“Act”), the Securities and Exchange 
Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“SEBI Listing 
Regulations”), and pursuant to the Ministry of Corporate 
Affairs, Government of India (“MCA”) General Circular No. 
03/ 2025 dated September 22, 2025 , read with circulars 
dated May 5, 2020, April 13, 2020, April 8, 2020, January 
13, 2021, December 8, 2021 and December 28, 2022, 
September 25, 2023 and September 19, 2024 issued in 
this respect (“MCA Circulars”), and the relevant circulars 
issued by the Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(“SEBI”), the 21st  Annual General Meeting of the Company 
(“AGM”) is being held through VC / OAVM without the 
physical presence of the Members at a common venue. 
2) In compliance with applicable provisions of the 
Companies Act, 2013 (“Act”) read with the MCA Circulars, 
SEBI Circular dated 12 th May, 2020 and the Securities 
Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“SEBI 
Listing Regulations”) the AGM of the Company is being 
conducted through VC/OAVM. In accordance with the 
Secretarial Standard on General Meetings (“SS-2”) 
issued by the Institute of Company Secretaries of India 
(“ICSI”) read with Clarification/Guidance on applicability 
of Secretarial Standards I and II dated 15th April, 2020 and 
further revised on April 1, 2024 issued by the Institute of 
Company Secretaries of India (“ICSI”). Since the AGM will 
be held through VC/OAVM, the Route Map is not annexed 
to this Notice.
3) In terms of the MCA Circulars since the physical 
attendance of Members has been dispensed with, there 
is no requirement of appointment of proxies. Accordingly, 
the facility of the appointment of proxies by Members 
under Section 105 of the Act will not be available for the 
21st AGM. However, in pursuance of Section 112 and 
Section 113 of the Act, representatives of the Corporate 
Shareholders may be appointed for the purpose of voting 
through remote e-Voting, for participation in the 21st AGM 
through VC/OAVM Facility and e-Voting during the 21 st 
AGM. 
 Pursuant to the provisions of Section 108 of the Act 
read with Rule 20 of the Companies (Management and 
Administration) Rules, 2014 (as amended), SS-2 issued by 
the Institute of Company Secretaries of India (“ICSI”) and 
Regulation 44 of SEBI Listing Regulations read with MCA 
Circulars and SEBI Circulars, the Company is providing 
remote e-Voting facility to its Members in respect of the 
business to be transacted at the 21st AGM and facility for 
those Members participating in the 21st AGM to cast vote 
through e-Voting system during the 21st AGM.
4) The  Company has appointed MUFG Intime India Private 
Limited (Formerly known as Link Intime India Private 
Limited) (“MUFG”), to provide facility for voting through 
remote e-Voting, for participation in the 21st AGM through 
VC/ OAVM Facility and e-voting during the 21st AGM.
5) An explanatory statement pursuant to Section 102 of the 
Act, relating to special business to be transacted at the 
AGM, is annexed hereto.
304

--- page 308 ---
6) I n line with the MCA Circulars and SEBI Circulars, 
the Notice of the 21 st AGM will be available on the 
website of the Company viz., https://manoramagroup.
co.in/investors-annual-report on the website of 
BSE Limited (“BSE”) viz., www.bseindia.com and the 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited (“NSE”) viz.,  
www.nseindia.com and also on the website of MUFG Intime 
India Private Limited (Formerly known as Link Intime India 
Private Limited) viz., https://in.mpms.mufg.com/
7) The  Members can join the AGM in the VC/OAVM mode 15 
minutes before the scheduled time of the commencement 
of the Meeting by following the procedure mentioned in 
the Notice.
8) Members may note that the VC/OAVM facility provided 
allows participation of at least 1,000 Members on a 
first-come-first-served basis. The large shareholders 
(i.e., shareholders holding 2% or more shareholding), 
promoters, institutional investors, directors, key 
managerial personnel, the Chairpersons of the Audit 
Committee, Nomination and Remuneration Committee 
and Stakeholders Relationship Committee, auditors, 
etc. can attend the 21 st AGM without any restriction on 
account of first-come-first-served principle. 
9) A ttendance of the members participating in the 21 st 
AGM through VC/OAVM Facility shall be counted for the 
purpose of reckoning the quorum under Section 103 of 
the Act.
10) The  Cut-off date for the E-voting and Dividend is Monday, 
September 14, 2026
11) In accordance with the MCA Circulars and the SEBI 
Circulars, owing to the difficulties involved in dispatching 
of physical copies of the financial statements (including 
Report of Board of Directors, Auditor’s report or other 
documents required to be attached therewith), such 
statements including the Notice of the 21 st AGM are 
being sent in electronic mode to Members whose e-mail 
address is registered with the Company or the Depository 
Participant(s).
12) In case of joint holders, a member whose name appears 
as the first holder as per the Register of Members will be 
entitled to cast vote at the AGM.
13) P ayment of Dividend:
 Members may note that the Board, at its meeting held 
on Monday, May 11, 2026, has recommended a final 
dividend @ 40% i.e. ` 0.80 (Indian Rupees Eighty paisa 
only) paisa per equity share on Face Value of ` 2/- each 
(Rupees Two Only) per share. The said dividend for the 
year ended March 31, 2026, if approved by the Members 
at the 21 st AGM, will be paid to those members whose 
names appear on the Company’s Register of Members 
as on Monday, September 14, 2026. (“Record Date”). In 
respect of shares held in demat form, the dividend will 
be paid to the beneficial owners of shares as per details 
furnished by the Depositories as on Monday, September 
14, 2026. The said dividend will be paid at par on or 
before Tuesday, October 20, 2026. The dividend will be 
paid electronically to Members who have updated their 
bank account details. In case of non-availability / non-
updation of bank account details of the Members, the 
Company will dispatch dividend warrants/demand drafts 
to such Members at their addresses registered with the 
Company/RTA.
 Pursuant to the Finance Act, 2020, dividend income is 
taxable in the hands of shareholders w.e.f. April 1, 2020 
and the Company is required to deduct tax at source from 
dividend paid to shareholders at the prescribed rates. For 
the prescribed rates for various categories, please refer to 
the Finance Act, 2020 and the amendments thereof. The 
shareholders are requested to update their PAN with the 
DP (if shares held in electronic form) and Company / RTA 
(if shares held in physical form).
 A Resident individual shareholder with PAN and who 
is not liable to pay income tax can submit a yearly 
declaration in Form No. 15G / 15H, to avail the benefit 
of non-deduction of tax at source by e-mail to investor. 
helpdesk@in.mpms.mufg.com by Monday, September 14, 
2026.
 Sha reholders are requested to note that in case their 
PAN is not registered, the tax will be deducted at a 
higher rate of 20%. Non-resident shareholders [including 
Foreign Institutional Investors (FIIs) / Foreign Portfolio 
Investors (FPIs)] can avail beneficial rates under tax treaty 
between India and their country of tax residence, subject 
to providing necessary documents i.e. No Permanent 
Establishment and Beneficial Ownership Declaration, 
Tax Residency Certificate, Form 10F, any other document 
which may be required to avail the tax treaty benefits. 
 F or this purpose, the shareholder may submit the 
above documents (PDF / JPG Format) by e-mail to 
investor.helpdesk@in.mpms.mufg.com. The aforesaid 
declarations and documents need to be submitted by the 
shareholders by Monday, September 14, 2026.
14) SEB I vide its Circular No. SEBI/HO/MIRSD/MIRSD_ 
RTAMB/P/CIR/2021/655 dated November 3, 2021 
(subsequently amended by Circular Nos. SEBI/HO/MIRSD/ 
MIRSD_RTAMB/P/CIR/2021/687 dated December 14, 
2021, SEBI/HO/MIRSD/MIRSD-PoD-1/P/CIR/2023/ 37 
March 16, 2023 and SEBI/HO/ MIRSD/POD-1/P/
CIR/2023/181 November 17, 2023) has mandated that 
with effect from April 1, 2024, dividend to security holders 
(holding securities in physical form), shall be paid only 
through electronic mode. Such payment shall be made 
only after furnishing the PAN, choice of nomination, 
contact details including mobile number, bank account 
details and specimen signature.
15) Inst itutional/Corporate Shareholders (i.e., other than 
individuals / HUF, NRI, etc.) are required to send a scanned 
copy (PDF/JPG Format) of its Board or governing 
Manorama Industries Limited
Annual Report 2025-26
305

--- page 309 ---
body Resolution/Authorization etc., authorizing its 
representative to attend the e-AGM through VC/OAVM on 
its behalf and to vote through remote e-voting or during 
the e-AGM. The said Resolution/Authorization shall be 
sent to the Scrutinizer by email through its registered 
email address to info@mehta-mehta.com with a copy to 
MUFG on enotices@in.mpms.mufg.com
16) Members, who are holding shares of the Company as 
of the cut-off date for e-voting i.e. Monday, September 
14, 2026, can also cast their votes during the AGM using 
e-voting facility, if not casted the same during the remote 
e-voting period mentioned below. Any person who is 
not the Member as on the cut-off date should treat this 
Notice for information purposes only.
17) The  detailed instructions in connection with exercising  
the right to vote by the Members using the remote 
e-voting facility or e-voting during the AGM are part of 
this Notice.
18) All documents referred to in the accompanying Notice  
and the Explanatory Statement shall be open for 
inspection by the Members by writing an email to the 
Company at cs@manoramagroup.co.in
 The  Statutory Registers as required under the Act will be 
available electronically for inspection by the Members on 
the website of the Company at https://manoramagroup.
co.in/investors-company-announcements#others.
19) T o prevent fraudulent transactions, Members are advised 
to exercise due diligence and notify the Company of any 
change in address or demise of any Member as soon as 
possible. Members are also advised not to leave their 
demat account(s) dormant for long. Periodic statement 
of holdings should be obtained from the concerned 
Depository Participant and holdings should be verified 
from time to time.
20) The  voting rights of Members shall be in proportion to 
their shares in the paid-up equity share capital of the 
Company as on the cut-off date.
21) Any person, who acquires shares of the Company and 
becomes Member of the Company after the Company 
sends the Notice of the 21 st AGM by email and holds 
shares as on the cut-off date i.e., Monday, September 14, 
2026, may obtain the User ID and password by sending 
email to enotices@in.mpms.mufg.com
22) The  Shareholders who are holding shares in  
dematerialized form and have not yet registered their 
e-mail IDs with their Depository Participant are requested 
to register their Email ID at the earliest, to enable the 
Company to use the same for serving documents to 
them electronically, hereafter. Shareholders holding 
shares in physical form may kindly provide their Email 
ID to the Registrar & Transfer Agent of the Company viz. 
MUFG Intime India Private Limited (Formerly known as 
Link Intime India Private Limited), by sending an e-mail  
at investor.helpdesk@in.mpms.mufg.com. The members 
are requested to provide details such as Name, Folio 
Number, Certificate number, PAN, mobile number and 
e-mail id.
23) Updation of e-mail address:  For permanent registration 
of demat shareholders: It is clarified that for permanent 
registration of e-mail address, the Members are requested 
to register their e-mail address, in respect of demat 
holdings with the respective Depository Participant (DP) 
by following the procedure prescribed by the Depository 
Participant.  
24) For temporary registration of demat shareholders:  The 
Members of the Company holding Equity Shares of the 
Company in Demat form and who have not registered 
their e-mail addresses may temporarily get their e-mail 
addresses registered with MUFG Intime India Private 
Limited (Formerly known as Link Intime India Pvt. Ltd.) by 
sending a duly signed request letter to MUFG Intime India 
Private Limited (Formerly known as Link Intime India Private 
Limited) at their email Id investor.helpdesk@in.mpms.mufg.
com. The members are requested to provide details such as 
Name, DPID, Client ID/ PAN, mobile number and e-mail id.
25) For the shareholder to Updation of Bank details:  The 
Members of the Company holding Equity Shares of the 
Company in physical form and who have not registered 
their bank details can get the same registered with MUFG 
by sending a duly signed request letter to MUFG  at their 
email Id investor.helpdesk@in.mpms.mufg.com. The 
Members are requested to provide details such as Name, 
Folio Number, Certificate number, PAN, e-mail id along 
with the copy of the cheque leaf with the first named 
shareholders name imprinted on the face of the cheque 
leaf containing bank name and branch, type of account, 
bank account number, MICR details and IFSC code in PDF 
or JPEG format. It is very important to submit the request 
letter duly signed. MUFG will verify the documents and 
will only take on record all valid case.
26) In case shares are held in demat mode, please provide 
DPID-CLID (16-digit DPID + CLID or 16-digit beneficiary 
ID), Name, client master or copy of Consolidated Account 
statement, PAN (self-attested scanned copy of PAN card), 
AADHAAR (self-attested scanned copy of Aadhaar Card) 
to RTA.
27) Info rmation regarding re-appointment of Director as 
required under Regulation 36(3) of the SEBI Listing 
Regulations and SS-2 is annexed hereto.
28) I n terms of the provisions of Regulation 40 of the Securities 
and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 and various 
notifications issued in that regard, requests for effecting 
transfer of securities (except in case of transmission 
or transposition of securities) shall not be processed 
from 1st April, 2019 unless the securities are held in the 
306

--- page 310 ---
dematerialized form with the depositories. In view of 
the same, Shareholders are requested to take action to 
dematerialize the Equity Shares of the Company promptly.
29) SEB I has mandated the submission of Permanent Account 
Number (PAN) by every participant in the securities 
market. Shareholders holding shares in dematerialized 
form are, therefore, requested to submit their PAN to the 
Depository Participants with whom they maintain their 
demat accounts. Shareholders holding shares in physical 
form should submit their PAN to the Company/MUFG.
30) Sha reholders are requested to intimate changes, if 
any, pertaining to their name, postal address, Email ID, 
telephone/mobile numbers, PAN, mandates, nominations, 
power of attorney, bank details (such as name of the bank 
and branch details, bank account number, MICR code, 
IFSC code, etc.), with necessary documentary evidence, 
to their Depository Participants in case the shares are 
held by them in dematerialized form and to the Company/ 
MUFG in case the shares are held by them in physical 
form.
31) In terms of the provisions of Section 72 of the Companies 
Act, 2013, the facility for making nomination is available 
for the Shareholders in respect of the shares held 
by them. Shareholders who have not yet registered 
their nomination are requested to register the same 
by submitting Form No. SH-13. Shareholders holding 
shares in dematerialized form are requested to submit 
the said details to their Depository Participant(s) and 
the Shareholders holding shares in physical form, are 
requested to submit the said details to the Company or 
MUFG Intime India Private Limited (Formerly known as 
Link Intime India Private Limited).
32) Sha reholders are requested to quote their Folio No. or DP 
ID - Client ID, as the case may be, in all correspondence 
with the Company or the MUFG Intime India Private 
Limited (Formerly known as Link Intime India Private 
Limited).
33) The  Company has appointed Ms. Ashwini Inamdar (FCS: 
9404), failing her Ms. Alifya Sapatwala (ACS: 24091), 
Partners, Mehta and Mehta, Company Secretaries (ICSI 
Unique Code: P1996MH007500) to act as the Scrutinizer, 
to scrutinize the e-voting process (including votes cast by 
the Members at the Annual General Meeting) in a fair and 
transparent manner.
34) The  Scrutinizer shall, after the conclusion of e voting at 
the AGM, first count the votes cast vide e-voting at the 
AGM and thereafter shall, unblock the votes cast through 
remote e-voting, in the presence of at least two witnesses 
not in the employment of the Company. He shall submit a 
Consolidated Scrutinizer’s Report of the total votes cast 
in favour or against, not later than two working days of 
the conclusion of the AGM, to the Chairperson or a person 
authorized by him in writing, who shall countersign the 
same and declare the result of the voting forthwith.
35) The  results declared along with the Scrutinizer’s 
Report shall be placed on the Company’s website 
https://manoramagroup.co.in/investors-company-
announcements#agm and on the website of MUFG 
viz., https://in.mpms.mufg.com/. The Company shall 
simultaneously forward the results to BSE and NSE where 
the shares of the Company are listed.
36) All communications/ queries in this respect should be 
addressed to our RTA, MUFG Intime India Private Limited 
(Formerly known as Link Intime India Private Limited to 
its email address investor.helpdesk@in.mpms.mufg.com
37) On successful registration with the Registrar, the 
invitation to join the AGM will be sent to the Members on 
their registered email IDs. Members may attend the AGM; 
by following the invitation link sent to their registered 
email ID. Members are encouraged to join the Meeting 
through Laptops for better experience. In the case of 
Android/iPhone connection, participants will be required 
to download and install the appropriate application as 
given in the mail to them. Please note that participants 
connecting from Mobile Devices or Tablets or through 
Laptop connecting via Mobile Hotspot may experience 
Audio/Video loss due to fluctuation in their respective 
network. It is therefore recommended to use Stable Wi-
Fi or LAN Connection to mitigate any kind of aforesaid 
glitches. Good Internet connectivity without proxy & 
firewall. Recommended speed is 2 mbps (1:1) for all 
viewers.
38) Sub ject to receipt of requisite number of votes, the 
Resolutions shall be deemed to be passed on the date of 
the Meeting i.e., Monday, September 21, 2026.
39) The  recorded transcript of the proceedings of the 
AGM shall be available on the Company’s website at 
https://manoramagroup.co.in/investors-company-
announcements#agm
 40) THE  INSTRUCTIONS FOR MEMBERS FOR REMOTE 
E-VOTING ARE AS UNDER:  
 The  remote e-voting period begins on Friday, September 
18, 2026 at 09:00 A.M. (IST) and ends on Sunday, 
September 20, 2026 at 05:00 P .M. (IST) During this 
period, Members of the Company, holding shares either in 
physical form or in dematerialized form, as on the cut-off 
date of Monday, September 14, 2026, may cast their vote 
by remote e-Voting. The remote e-Voting module shall be 
disabled after 05:00 P .M. (IST) on Sunday, September 20, 
2026, for voting thereafter. Once the vote on a resolution 
is cast by the Member, the Member shall not be allowed 
to change it subsequently.
41) THE  INSTRUCTIONS FOR MEMBERS FOR E-VOTING ON 
THE DAY OF THE AGM ARE AS UNDER:
1. Onl y those Members, who will be present in the 
21st AGM through VC/OAVM Facility and have not 
cast their vote on the Resolutions through remote 
Manorama Industries Limited
Annual Report 2025-26
307

--- page 311 ---
e-Voting and are otherwise not barred from doing 
so, shall be eligible to vote through e-Voting system 
in the 21st AGM.
2. Members who have cast their vote by remote 
e-Voting prior to the day of AGM may also   participate 
in the 21 st AGM through VC/OAVM Facility but shall 
not be entitled to cast their vote again.
Login method for shareholders to attend the General Meeting 
through InstaMeet: 
a) Visi t URL: https://instameet.in.mpms.mufg.com & 
click on “Login”. 
b) Sele ct the “Company Name” and register with your 
following details: 
c)  Sele ct Check Box - Demat Account No. / Folio No. / 
PAN 
•  Sha reholders holding shares in NSDL/ CDSL demat 
account shall select check box - Demat Account No. 
and enter the 16-digit demat account number. 
•  Sha reholders holding shares in physical form shall 
select check box – Folio No. and enter the Folio 
Number registered with the company. 
•  Sha reholders shall select check box – PAN and 
enter 10-digit Permanent Account Number (PAN). 
Shareholders who have not updated their PAN with 
the Depository Participant (DP)/ Company shall use 
the sequence number provided by MUFG Intime, if 
applicable. 
•  Mobile No: Mobile No. as updated with DP is 
displayed automatically. Shareholders who have not 
updated their Mobile No with the DP shall enter the 
mobile no. 
•  Email ID: Email Id as updated with DP is displayed 
automatically. Shareholders who have not updated 
their Email Id with the DP shall enter the Email Id. 
d)  Click “Go to Meeting” 
 Y ou are now registered for InstaMeet, and your 
attendance is marked for the meeting.
Instructions for Shareholders to Speak during the 
General Meeting through InstaMeet:
a) Sha reholders who would like to speak during 
the meeting must register their request with the 
company at company’s registered email address.
b) Sha reholders will get confirmation on first cum first 
basis depending upon the provision made by the 
Company. 
c) Sha reholders will receive “speaking serial number” 
once they mark attendance for the meeting.  P lease 
remember speaking serial number and start your 
conversation with panellist by switching on video 
mode and audio of your device.
d) Oth er shareholder who has not registered as 
“Speaker Shareholder” may still ask questions to the 
panellist via active chat-board during the meeting.
* Shareholders are requested to speak only when 
moderator of the meeting/ management will announce 
the name and serial number for speaking.  
Instructions for Shareholders to Vote during the General 
Meeting through InstaMeet:
Once the electronic voting is activated during the meeting, 
shareholders who have not exercised their vote through 
the remote e-voting can cast the vote as under:
a) On the Shareholders VC page, click on the link “Cast 
your vote”
b) Enter your 16-digit Demat Account No. / Folio No. 
and OTP (received on the registered mobile number/ 
registered email Id) received during registration for 
InstaMeet.
c) Click on ‘Submit’. 
d) After successful login, you will see “Resolution 
Description” and against the same the option 
“Favour/ Against” for voting. 
e) Cast your vote by selecting appropriate option i.e. 
“Favour/Against” as desired. Enter the number of 
shares (which represents no. of votes) as on the cut-
off date under ‘Favour/Against’.
f) After selecting the appropriate option i.e. Favour/
Against as desired and you have decided to vote, 
click on “Save”. A confirmation box will be displayed. 
If you wish to confirm your vote, click on “Confirm”, 
else to change your vote, click on “Back” and 
accordingly modify your vote. Once you confirm 
your vote on the resolution, you will not be allowed 
to modify or change your vote subsequently.
Note: 
Shareholders/ Members, who will be present in the 
General Meeting through InstaMeet facility and have 
not casted their vote on the Resolutions through remote 
e-Voting and are otherwise not barred from doing so, 
shall be eligible to vote through e-Voting facility during 
the meeting. 
Shareholders/ Members who have voted through Remote 
e-Voting prior to the General Meeting will be eligible to 
attend/ participate in the General Meeting through 
InstaMeet. However, they will not be eligible to vote again 
during the meeting. 
Shareholders/ Members are encouraged to join the 
Meeting through Tablets/ Laptops connected through 
broadband for better experience.
308

--- page 312 ---
Shareholders/ Members are required to use Internet with 
a good speed (preferably 2 MBPS download stream) to 
avoid any disturbance during the meeting.
Please note that Shareholders/ Members connecting 
from Mobile Devices or Tablets or through Laptops 
connecting via Mobile Hotspot may experience Audio/
Visual loss due to fluctuation in their network.  It is 
therefore recommended to use stable Wi-Fi or LAN 
connection to mitigate any kind of aforesaid glitches.
Helpdesk:
Shareholders facing any technical issue in login may 
contact INSTAMEET helpdesk by sending a request at  
instameet@in.mpms.mufg.com or contact on: - Tel: 022 
– 4918 6000 / 4918 6175.
Login method for Individual shareholders holding 
securities in demat mode is given below:
Individual Shareholders holding securities in demat 
mode with NSDL:
METHOD 1 - NSDL OTP based Login
a) Visit URL: https://eservices.nsdl.com/SecureWeb/
evoting/evotinglogin.jsp 
b)  Enter your 8 - character DP ID, 8 - digit Client Id, PAN, 
Verification code and generate OTP . 
c)  Enter the OTP received on your registered email ID/ 
mobile number and click on login. 
d)  Post successful authentication, you will be re-
directed to NSDL depository website wherein you 
will be able to see e-Voting services under Value 
added services. Click on “Access to e-Voting” under 
e-Voting services. 
e)  Click on “MUFG InTime” or “evoting link displayed 
alongside Company’s Name” and you will be 
redirected to InstaVote website for casting the vote 
during the remote e-voting period.
METHOD 2 - NSDL IDeAS facility 
Shareholders registered for IDeAS facility: 
a) Visit URL: https://eservices.nsdl.com and click on 
“Beneficial Owner” icon under ”IDeAS Login Section.” 
b) Enter IDeAS User ID, Password, Verification code & 
click on “Log-in”.
c) Post successful authentication, you will be able to 
see e-Voting services under Value added services 
section. Click on “Access to e-Voting” under e-Voting 
services.
d) Click on “MUFG InTime” or “evoting link displayed 
alongside Company’s Name” and you will be 
redirected to InstaVote website for casting the vote 
during the remote e-voting period. 
Shareholders not registered for IDeAS facility: 
 a) To register, visit URL: https://eservices.nsdl.com 
and select  “Register Online for IDeAS Portal” or 
click on https://eservices.nsdl.com/SecureWeb/
IdeasDirectReg.jsp
b) Enter 8-character DP ID, 8-digit Client ID, Mobile no, 
Verification code & click on “Submit”.
c)  Enter the last 4 digits of your bank account / generate 
‘OTP’
d)  Post successful registration, user will be provided 
with Login ID and password.
e)  Follow steps given above in points (a-d) 
 
METHOD 3 - NSDL e-voting website: 
a) Visit URL: https://www.evoting.nsdl.com
b) Click on the “Login” tab available under ‘Shareholder/
Member’ section. 
c) Enter User ID (i.e., your 16-digit demat account 
number held with NSDL), Password/OTP and a 
Verification Code as shown on the screen & click on 
“Login”.
d) Post successful authentication, you will be re-
directed to NSDL depository website wherein you 
will be able to see e-Voting services under Value 
added services. Click on “Access to e-Voting” under 
e-Voting services.
e) Click on “MUFG InTime” or “evoting link displayed 
alongside Company’s Name” and you will be 
redirected to InstaVote website for casting the vote 
during the remote e-voting period. 
Individual Shareholders holding securities in demat 
mode with CDSL:
METHOD 1 - CDSL e-voting page
a) Visit URL: https://www.cdslindia.com.
b) Go to e-voting tab. 
c) Enter 16-digit Demat Account Number (BO ID) and 
PAN No. and click on “Submit”.
d) System will authenticate the user by sending OTP on 
registered Mobile and Email as recorded in Demat 
Account 
e) Post successful authentication, user will be able to 
see e-voting option. The evoting option will have 
Manorama Industries Limited
Annual Report 2025-26
309


--- page 313 ---
links of e-voting service providers i.e., MUFG InTime. 
Click on “MUFG InTime” or “evoting link displayed 
alongside Company’s Name” and you will be 
redirected to InstaVote website for casting the vote 
during the remote e-voting period.
METHOD 2 – CDSL Easi/ Easiest facility:
Shareholders registered for Easi/ Easiest facility:
a) Visi t URL: https://web.cdslindia.com/myeasitoken/
Home/Login or Visit URL: www.cdslindia.com, click 
on “Login” and select “My Easi New (Token)”.
b) Enter existing username, Password & click on 
“Login”.
c) P ost successful authentication, user will be able to 
see e-voting option. The evoting option will have 
links of e-voting service providers i.e., MUFG InTime.  
Click on “MUFG InTime” or “evoting link displayed 
alongside Company’s Name” and you will be 
redirected to InstaVote website for casting the vote 
during the remote e-voting period.. 
Shareholders not registered for Easi/ Easiest facility
a) T o register, visit URL: https://web.cdslindia.com/  
myeasitoken/Home/EasiRegistration /
 h ttps://web.cdslindia.com/myeasitoken/Home/
EasiestRegistration.
b) Pr oceed with updating the required fields for 
registration. 
c) P ost Successful registration, user will be provided 
username and password on the registered email id. 
Follow steps given above in points (a-c). 
Individual Shareholders holding securities in demat 
mode with Depository Participant:
Individual shareholders can also login using the login 
credentials of your demat account through your 
depository participant registered with NSDL/CDSL for 
e-voting facility. 
a) Log in to DP website
b) After Successful login, users shall navigate through 
“e-voting” option.  
c) Click on e-voting option, user will be redirected to 
NSDL/CDSL Depository website after successful 
authentication, wherein user can see e-voting 
feature.
d) P ost successful authentication, click on “MUFG 
InTime” or “evoting link displayed alongside 
Company’s Name” and you will be redirected to 
InstaVote website for casting the vote during the 
remote e-voting period. 
Login method for shareholders holding securities in 
physical mode / Non-Individual Shareholders holding 
securities in demat mode.
 Sha reholders holding shares in physical mode / Non-
Individual Shareholders holding securities in demat mode 
as on the cut-off date for e-voting may register and vote 
on InstaVote as under:
STEP 1: LOGIN / SIGNUP on InstaVote
Shareholders registered for INSTAVOTE facility:
a)  Visi t URL: https://instavote.linkintime.co.in & click 
on “Login” under ‘SHARE HOLDER’ tab.
b)  Enter details as under :
1.  User ID : Enter User ID
2.  P assword: Enter existing Password
3.  Enter Image  Verification (CAPTCHA) Code
4.  Click “Submit”. 
 (Ho me page of e-voting will open. Follow the process 
given under “Steps to cast vote for Resolutions”)
Shareholders not registered for INSTAVOTE facility:
a) Visi t URL: https://instavote.linkintime.co.in & click 
on “Sign Up” under ‘SHARE HOLDER’ tab & register 
with details as under: 
1.  User ID : Enter User ID
2. P AN: Enter your 10-digit Permanent Account 
Number (PAN) (Shareholders who have 
not updated their PAN with the Depository 
Participant (DP)/ Company shall use the 
sequence number provided to you, if applicable. 
3.  DOB/DOI: Enter the Date of Birth (DOB) / Date 
of Incorporation (DOI) (As recorded with your 
DP/Company - in DD/MM/YYYY format)
 4.  Bank Account Number: Enter your Bank 
Account Number (last four digits), as recorded 
with your DP/Company
310

--- page 314 ---
.• Shar eholders, holding shares in NSDL 
form, shall provide ‘point 4’ above.
•  Shar eholders, holding shares in CDSL 
form, shall provide ‘point 3’ or ‘point 4’ 
above. 
•  Shar eholders, holding shares in physical 
form but have not recorded ‘point 3’ and 
‘point 4’, shall provide their Folio number 
in ‘point 4’ above
5.  Set the pas sword of your choice. 
 (The password should contain minimum 8 
characters, at least one special Character 
(!#$&*), at least one numeral, at least one 
alphabet and at least one capital letter). 
6.  Enter Image  Verification (CAPTCHA) Code.
7.  Click “Submit” (You have now registered on 
InstaVote). 
 P ost successful registration, click on “Login” 
under ‘SHARE HOLDER’ tab & follow steps 
given above in points (a-b).
 STEP 2: Steps to cast vote for Resolutions through 
InstaVote
A.  P ost successful authentication and redirection to 
InstaVote inbox page, you will be able to see the 
“Notification for e-voting”. 
B.  Sele ct ‘View’ icon. E-voting page will appear. 
C.  Ref er the Resolution description and cast your vote 
by selecting your desired option ‘Favour / Against’ (If 
you wish to view the entire Resolution details, click 
on the ‘View Resolution’ file link). 
D.  After selecting the desired option i.e. Favour / 
Against, click on ‘Submit’. 
E.  A confirmation box will be displayed. If you wish to 
confirm your vote, click on ‘Yes’, else to change your 
vote, click on ‘No’ and accordingly modify your vote. 
NOTE: Shareholders may click on “Vote as per Proxy 
Advisor’s Recommendation” option and view proxy 
advisor recommendations for each resolution 
before casting vote. “Vote as per Proxy Advisor’s 
Recommendation” option provides access to expert 
insights during the e-Voting process. Shareholders 
may modify their vote before final submission.
 Onc e you cast your vote on the resolution, you will 
not be allowed to modify or change it subsequently.
 Non-Individual Body corporate shareholders shall send 
a scanned copy of the board resolution authorising its 
representative to vote, to the scrutinizer at registered 
email address with a copy marked to RTA at enotices@
in.mpms.mufg.com and the company at registered email 
address.
Guidelines for Institutional shareholders (“Custodian /
Corporate Body/ Mutual Fund”):
STEP 1 – Custodian / Corporate Body/ Mutual Fund 
Registration
A. Visi t URL: https://instavote.linkintime.co.in  
B. Click on Sign up under “Custodian / Corporate Body/ 
Mutual Fund” 
C. Fill up y our entity details and submit the form. 
D. A declaration form and organization ID is generated 
and sent to the Primary contact person email ID 
(which is filled at the time of sign up). The said form 
is to be signed by the Authorised Signatory, Director, 
Company Secretary of the entity & stamped and 
sent to insta.vote@linkintime.co.in.  
E. The reafter, Login credentials (User ID; Organisation 
ID; Password) is sent to Primary contact person’s 
email ID. (You have now registered on InstaVote)
STEP 2 –Investor Mapping 
A. Visi t URL: https://instavote.linkintime.co.in and login 
with InstaVote Login credentials.
B. Click on “Investor Mapping” tab under the Menu 
Section 
C. Map the Inv estor with the following details: 
1)  ‘I nvestor ID’ – Investor ID for NSDL demat 
account is 8 Character DP ID followed by 8 Digit 
Client ID i.e., IN00000012345678; Investor ID for 
CDSL demat account is 16 Digit Beneficiary ID.
 2) ‘Inv estor’s Name - Enter Investor’s Name as 
updated with DP .
 3) ‘Inv estor PAN’ - Enter your 10-digit PAN.
 4) ‘P ower of Attorney’ - Attach Board resolution or 
Power of Attorney. 
NOTE: File Name for the Board resolution/ Power of 
Attorney shall be – DP ID and Client ID or 16 Digit 
Beneficiary ID. 
Further, Custodians and Mutual Funds shall also 
upload specimen signatures. 
D.  Click on Submit button. (The investor is now mapped 
with the Custodian / Corporate Body/ Mutual Fund 
Entity). The same can be viewed under the “Report 
section”.
Manorama Industries Limited
Annual Report 2025-26
311

--- page 315 ---
STEP 3 – Steps to cast vote for Resolutions through 
InstaVote
 The  corporate shareholder can vote by two methods, 
during the remote e-voting period:
 METHOD 1 - V OTES ENTRY 
a) Visi t URL: https://instavote.linkintime.co.in and login 
with InstaVote Login credentials.
b) Click on ‘V otes Entry’ tab under the Menu section. 
c) Enter Event No. for which you want to cast vote. 
Event No. can be viewed on the home page of 
Instavote under “On-going Events”. 
d) Enter ‘16-digit Demat Accou nt No.’
e) Ref er the Resolution description and cast your vote 
by selecting your desired option ‘Favour / Against’ 
(If you wish to view the entire Resolution details, 
click on the ‘View Resolution’ file link) After selecting 
the desired option i.e., Favour / Against, click on 
‘Submit’.  
f) A confirmation box will be displayed. If you wish 
to confirm your vote, click on ‘Yes’, else to change  
your vote, click on ‘No’ and accordingly modify your 
vote.
 (On ce you cast your vote on the resolution, you will 
not be allowed to modify or change it subsequently). 
METHOD 2 - VOTES UPLOAD
a) Visi t URL: https://instavote.linkintime.co.in and login 
with InstaVote Login credentials.
b) After successful login, you will see “Notification for 
e-voting”.
c) Sele ct ‘View’ icon for ‘Company’s Name / Event 
number ‘.
d) E-v oting page will appear. 
e) Dow nload sample vote file from ‘Download Sample 
Vote File’ tab. 
f) Cast your vote by selecting your desired option 
‘Favour / Against’ in sample vote file and upload the 
same under ‘Upload Vote File’ option. 
g) Click on ‘Submit’. ‘Data uploaded successfully’ 
message will be displayed. 
 (On ce you cast your vote on the resolution, you will 
not be allowed to modify or change it subsequently). 
 NOTE: Non-Individual Body corporate shareholders shall 
send a scanned copy of the board resolution authorising 
its representative to vote, to the scrutinizer at registered 
email address with a copy marked to RTA at enotices@
in.mpms.mufg.com and the company at registered email 
address.
Helpdesk:
Shareholders holding securities in physical form/ Non-
Individual Shareholders holding securities in demat 
mode:
Shareholders holding securities in physical mode / Non-
Individual Shareholders holding securities in demat 
mode facing any technical issue in login may contact 
INSTAVOTE helpdesk by sending a request at “enotices@
in.mpms.mufg.com or contact on: - Tel: 022 – 4918 6000.
Individual Shareholders holding securities in demat 
mode:
Individual Shareholders holding securities in demat mode 
may contact the respective helpdesk for any technical 
issues related to login through Depository i.e., NSDL and 
CDSL.
Login Type Helpdesk details
Individual 
Shareholders 
holding securities 
in demat mode 
with NSDL 
Members facing any technical 
issue in login can contact NSDL 
helpdesk by sending a request at  
evoting@nsdl.co.in or call at: 022 - 
4886 7000
Individual 
Shareholders 
holding securities 
in demat mode 
with CDSL 
Members facing any technical 
issue in login can contact CDSL 
helpdesk by sending a request at  
helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com  
or contact at toll free no.  
1800 22 55 33 
Forgot Password:
Individual Shareholders holding securities in physical mode 
/ Non-Individual Shareholders holding securities in demat 
mode:
Individual Shareholders holding securities in physical mode / 
Non-Individual Shareholders holding securities in demat mode 
have forgotten the USER ID [Login ID] or Password or both 
then the shareholder can use the “Forgot Password” option 
available on: https://instavote.linkintime.co.in
•  Click on “Login” under ‘SHARE HOLDER’ tab.
•   F urther Click on  “forgot password?” 
•   Enter User ID, select Mode and Enter Image Verification 
code (CAPTCHA). 
•   Click on “SUBMIT”.
312

--- page 316 ---
In case Custodian / Corporate Body/ Mutual Fund has 
forgotten the USER ID [Login ID] or Password or both then the 
shareholder can use the “Forgot Password” option available 
on: https://instavote.linkintime.co.in
•   Click on ‘Login’ under “Custodian / Corporate Body/ 
Mutual Fund” tab 
•   F urther Click on  “forgot password?” 
•   Enter User ID, Organization ID and Enter Image Verification 
code (CAPTCHA). 
•  Click on “SUBMIT”.
In case shareholders have a valid email address, Password will 
be sent to his / her registered e-mail address. Shareholders can 
set the password of his/her choice by providing information 
about the particulars of the Security Question and Answer, 
PAN, DOB/DOI etc. The password should contain a minimum 
of 8 characters, at least one special character (!#$&*), at least 
one numeral, at least one alphabet and at least one capital 
letter.
Individual Shareholders holding securities in demat mode 
with NSDL/ CDSL has forgotten the password: 
Individual Shareholders holding securities in demat mode have 
forgotten the USER ID [Login ID] or Password or both, then the 
Shareholders are advised to use Forget User ID and Forget 
Password option available at above mentioned depository/ 
depository participants website.
General Instructions - Shareholders
 It is strongly recommended not to share your password 
with any other person and take utmost care to keep your 
password confidential. 
 F or shareholders/ members holding shares in physical 
form, the details can be used only for voting on the 
resolutions contained in this Notice.
 During the voting period, shareholders/ members can 
login any number of time till they have voted on the 
resolution(s) for a particular “Event”.
42) INSTRUCTIONS FOR MEMBERS FOR ATTENDING THE 
AGM THROUGH VC/OAVM ARE AS UNDER:
Members willing to express their views or ask questions in 
advance with regard to the financial statements or any other 
matter to be placed at the 21 st AGM, are required to register 
themselves as speakers by sending their requests from their 
registered email address, mentioning their name, DP ID and 
Client ID number /folio number and mobile number, to reach the 
Company’s email address cs@manoramagroup.co.in  at least 
2 days in advance before the start of the meeting i.e., Friday, 
September 18, 2026 by 05:00 P .M. (IST). Such questions by 
the Members shall be taken up during the meeting and replied 
to by the Company suitably. Only those Members who have 
registered themselves as speakers and have been selected 
will be allowed to express their views/ask questions during the 
AGM. The Chairman of the Meeting/the Company Secretary 
reserves the right to restrict the number of questions, time 
allotted and number of speakers to ensure smooth conduct 
of the AGM.
By order of the Board of Directors
For Manorama Industries Limited
Sd/-
Deepak Sharma
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer
Membership No.: A48707
Place: Raipur
Date: August 13, 2026
Registered Office:
Office No. 701, 7th Floor, Bonanza Building,
Sahar Plaza Complex, Andheri Kurla Road,
Andheri East, Mumbai 400059
CIN -L15142MH2005PLC243687
Manorama Industries Limited
Annual Report 2025-26
313

--- page 317 ---
EXPLANATORY STATEMENT
Explanatory Statement pursuant to Section 102 of the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”) and SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“SEBI Listing Regulations”)
ITEM NO. 4
To ratify the remuneration payable to M/s. S N & Co, Cost Accountants, appointed as Cost Auditors of the Company. 
In terms of Section 148 of the Companies Act, 2013 (‘Act’) read with the Companies (Cost Records and Audit) Rules, 2014, as 
amended from time to time, the Company is required to undertake the audit of its cost records for products covered under the 
Companies (Cost Records and Audit) Rules, 2014 to be conducted by a Cost Accountant in practice.
In compliance with the above and on the recommendation of the Audit Committee, the Board of Directors, at their Meeting held on 
Monday, May 11, 2026, have approved the appointment of M/s. S N & Co., Cost Accountants (Firm Registration No. 000309), as Cost 
Auditors to conduct the audit of the cost records of the Company for the financial year ending March 31, 2027 at a remuneration 
of ` 1,00,000/- (Rupees One Lakh only) plus applicable taxes and reimbursement of out of pocket expenses. In accordance with 
the provisions of Section 148 of the Act read with the Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014, as amended, the remuneration 
payable to the Cost Auditors is required to be ratified by the Members of the Company.
Accordingly, consent of the Members is sought for passing an Ordinary Resolution as set out at Item No. 4 of the Notice of 21st AGM 
for ratification of remuneration payable to the Cost Auditors for the financial year 2026-27.
None of the Directors, Key Managerial Personnel of the Company and their respective relatives are, in any way, concerned or 
interested financially or otherwise, in the proposed Resolution.
The Board recommends the Ordinary Resolution as set out at Item No. 4 of the Notice of 21st AGM for approval of the Members.
ITEM NO. 5
To consider and approve Material Related Party Transaction.
The members are apprised that pursuant to the provisions of Regulation 23 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (the “SEBI Listing Regulations”), read with schedules and circulars 
issued thereunder as amended from time to time, prior approval of the Members by means of an ordinary resolution is required 
for all material related party transactions and subsequent material modifications as defined by the Audit Committee or the Board. 
A transaction with a related party is considered material if the transaction(s) to be entered into individually or taken together with 
previous transactions during a financial year, exceeds the threshold as provided in the schedule XII of the SEBI Listing Regulations. 
In case of our Company, the threshold considered would be 10% of the annual consolidated turnover of the Company as prescribed 
under Schedule XII. The annual consolidated turnover of the Company for the financial year 2025- 26 was ` 1366.74 crores. Hence, 
the materiality threshold of the Company is ` 136.67 crores. 
Members may further note that the Company proposes to enter into certain transactions with related party as provided in Resolution 
at Item no. 5, for the period beginning from the ensuing AGM till the conclusion of the AGM to be held in the FY 2027, at the agreed 
terms of the transactions between the party. 
The Audit Committee has reviewed the said transactions including relevant certificates relating to the same and approved them at 
its meeting held on Monday, May 11, 2026 and have noted that although these transactions are in the ordinary course of business 
and are at arm’s length, they may qualify as material related party transactions under the SEBI Listing Regulations. Further, the 
Board of Directors recommends the material related party transactions for members’ approval. Accordingly, members’ approval is 
sought for the same.
In accordance with SEBI’s minimum information framework for approval of RPTs, the “Industry Standards Note / Minimum 
Information” disclosures for the Proposed Transactions with its related parties (including tenure, pricing basis and other prescribed 
particulars) are provided as Annexure A to this notice and forms an integral part of this Explanatory Statement. Further in terms of 
SEBI Listing Regulations, related parties (whether or not they are party to the transaction) shall not vote to approve this resolution.
314

--- page 318 ---
The necessary disclosures as required under SEBI Master Circular HO/49/14/14(7)2025-CFD- POD2/I/3762/2026 dated 30th 
January 2026 read with Industry Standards on “Minimum information to be provided to the Audit Committee and Shareholders 
for approval of Related Party Transactions” (“RPT Industry Standards”), are set out hereinbelow for the reference of the  
Members:
Sr. No. Particulars of the information Details
1. Information as placed before the Audit Committee in the 
format as specified in the RPT Industry Standards, to the 
extent applicable.
The Audit Committee has been provided with all 
information as prescribed under the RPT Industry 
Standards, including details of the related party, nature 
of the transaction, Amount of the Proposed Transactions 
and other relevant information for evaluating the 
proposed Related Party Transaction.
2. Justification as to why the proposed transaction is in 
the interest of the listed entity, basis for determination of 
price and other material terms and conditions of RPT.
The Manorama Africa Limited is having strong supply
chain network and presence in different geographical
location in West African countries for procurement of
Shea Nuts/Raw Material.
The determination of price will be based on prevailing 
market conditions.
MATERIAL TERMS: The material terms with respect to 
quality, quantity and other specifications of Shea nuts/
material/product will be as per the contract entered into 
by the Company with these related parties.
3. Disclose the fact that the Audit Committee has reviewed 
the certificates provided by the CEO/ Managing Director/ 
Whole Time Director/ Manager and CFO of the Listed 
Entity as required under the RPT Industry Standards.
The Audit Committee of the Company has reviewed 
the certificates provided by the Managing Director and 
the Chief Financial Officer of the Company, confirming 
that the Related Party Transactions entered into by the 
Company during the period were in compliance with the 
applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013, the 
SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, and the Industry Standards on 
Related Party Transactions notified thereunder.
Based on the aforesaid review, the Audit Committee 
confirms that the requisite certification, as mandated 
under the RPT Industry Standards, has been duly 
obtained and examined, and no material deviations or 
non-compliances were noted in this regard.
4. Disclosure that the material RPT or any material 
modification thereto, has been approved by the Audit 
Committee and the Board of Directors recommends the 
proposed transaction to the shareholders for approval.
The proposed Material Related Party Transaction, 
including any material modification(s) thereto, has been 
approved by the Audit Committee. The Board of Directors 
recommends the proposed transaction to the shareholders 
for their approval by way of an Ordinary Resolution.
5. Provide web-link and QR Code, through which 
shareholders can access the valuation report or other 
reports of external party, if any, considered by Audit   
Committee   while approving the RP
Not Applicable
Manorama Industries Limited
Annual Report 2025-26
315

--- page 319 ---
Sr. No. Particulars of the information Details
6. The Audit Committee and Board of Directors, while 
providing information to the shareholders, can approve 
redaction of commercial secrets and such other 
information that would affect competitive position of listed 
entity and affirm that, in its assessment, the redacted 
disclosures still provide all the necessary information to 
the public   shareholders   for informed decision-making.
The Audit Committee and the Board of Directors 
have not approved the redaction of any commercially 
sensitive information or any other information from the 
disclosures provided to the shareholders. Accordingly, 
no information has been redacted in relation to the 
proposed Material Related Party Transaction.
7. Any other information that may be relevant. Not Applicable
Any subsequent ‘material modification’, if any, in the proposed transactions, as defined by the Audit Committee as a part of 
Company’s ‘Policy on Related Party Transactions’ will be placed before the Members for prior approval, in terms of Regulation 
23(4) of the SEBI Listing Regulations. 
The Members may note that in terms of the provisions of the SEBI Listing Regulations, the related parties of the Company as 
defined thereunder whether such related party/ies is a party to the aforesaid transactions or not, shall not vote to approve resolution 
under Item No. 5. 
Details of Related Party Transactions between the Company and Manorama Africa Limited.
i.  T ransactions considered material as per the materiality criteria.
The details of the Related Party Transactions and minimum information as required to be provided as per RPT Industry Standards 
are placed below:
Sr. Type of Transactions Category Amount (` in crore)
1. Purchase of Raw Materials/Services Purchase of raw material/services 200
Total 200
ii. Min imum information required as per the RPT Industry Standards
  PART -A
Section Particulars Details
A1 Basic Details of the Related Party
1 Country of Origin of Related Party Ghana
2 Nature of Business of Related Party Procurement and Exportation of Sheanuts, Shea Butter 
and other Forest and Agro Commodities .
3 Relation with the Related Party Directors having significant influence.
Mrs. Vinita Ashish Saraf is the Vice-Chairperson and 
Whole-time Director of the Company. She is holding 100% 
equity share capital of Manorama Africa Limited. Mr. 
Gautam Kumar Pal, Whole-Time Director and Mr. Shrey 
Ashish Saraf, Whole Time Director of the Company are 
Directors in Manorama Africa Limited.
A2 Relationship & Ownership of the related party
1 a. Shar eholding of the listed entity in such 
subsidiary (direct or indirect).
Not Applicable
316

--- page 320 ---
  PART -A
Section Particulars Details
b. Wher e the related party is a partnership firm or a 
sole proprietorship concern or a body corporate 
without share capital, then capital contribution, if 
any, made by the listed entity
Not Applicable
c. Shar eholding of the related party, whether direct 
or indirect, in the listed entity
NIL
A3 Details of the previous transactions with the related party
1 Total amount of transactions undertaken by the 
listed entity with the related party during the 
previous financial year:  FY 2025–26
` 191.75 Crores
2 Total amount of all transactions undertaken by the 
listed entity with the related party in the current 
financial year up to the quarter immediately preceding 
the quarter for which approval is being sought.
` 13.66 Crores for the Quarter ended June 30, 2026
3 Any instance of default by the related party with 
respect to any obligation undertaken by it under 
any transaction or arrangement entered into with 
the listed entity or its subsidiary during the previous 
financial year
There has been no instance of default by the related party 
with respect to any obligation undertaken by it under any 
transaction or arrangement entered into with the Company 
or its subsidiary during the previous financial year.
A4 Amount of Proposed transactions
1 Amount of the proposed transactions being placed 
for approval in the meeting of the Audit Committee/ 
shareholders. 
`  200 Crores
2 Whether the proposed transactions taken together 
with the transactions undertaken with the related 
party during the current financial year would render 
the proposed transaction a material RPT?
The proposed transaction together with the transactions 
undertaken with the related party during the current 
financial year, is being undertaken pursuant to the approval 
of the shareholders obtained at the previous AGM of the 
Company and is within the limits approved thereunder. 
3 Value of the proposed transaction as a percentage 
of the listed entity’s consolidated turnover for the 
immediately preceding financial year
14.63%
4 Value of the proposed transaction as a percentage 
of the subsidiary’s standalone turnover for the 
immediately preceding financial year. (In case of a 
transaction involving the subsidiary and where the 
listed entity is not a party to the transaction)
Not Applicable
5 Value of the proposed transaction as a percentage 
of the related party’s consolidated turnover for the 
immediately preceding financial year.
(If consolidated turnover is not available, calculation 
to be made on standalone turnover of related party 
for the immediately preceding financial year, if 
available.)
93.70 %
Note: The provisional turnover of the related party for the 
financial year ended March 31, 2026, has been considered 
for the purpose of this calculation. The exchange rate 
considered for the conversion is the one prevailing as of 
March 31, 2026 i.e. 1 Ghanaian Cedi (GH¢) = approximately  
` 8.62.
Financial performance of the related party for the 
immediately preceding financial year, as follows:
(Provide standalone financials; if standalone financials 
are not available, provide consolidated financials)
The financial figures disclosed below are based on the 
provisional financial information of the related party for the 
financial year ended March 31, 2026.
Manorama Industries Limited
Annual Report 2025-26
317

--- page 321 ---
  PART -A
Section Particulars Details
As the financial statements of the related party are prepared 
in Ghanaian Cedi (GH¢), the financial figures disclosed 
below have been converted into Indian Rupees using the 
exchange rate prevailing as on March 31, 2026 whereby 
1 Ghanaian Cedi (GH¢) is equivalent   approximately to  
` 8.62.
a. Turnover ` 213.46 Crores
b. Profit After Tax ` 3.90 Crores
c. Net Worth ` 17.67 Crores
A5 Basic Details of the Proposed transactions
1 Specific type of proposed transaction (e.g. sale 
of goods/services, purchase of goods/services, 
giving loan, borrowing etc.)
Purchase of Goods (Raw Material)/Services
2 Details of each type of the proposed transaction Purchase of Raw Material from Manorama Africa Limited 
registered in Ghana, through appointment of agent, clearing, 
forwarding and shipping of Raw Material (any expenses 
made by above mentioned company) for operational 
purpose to be borne by Manorama Industries Limited if it 
relates to supply/delivery of SHEANUTS/material/product 
to Manorama Industries Limited.
3 Tenure of the proposed transaction (tenure in 
number of years or months to be specified)
From beginning of 21 st AGM to be held on Monday,  
September 21, 2026 till the conclusion of  22 nd  AGM to be 
held in the year 2027.
4 Whether omnibus approval is being sought? Yes
5 Value of the proposed transaction during a financial 
year
If the proposed transaction will be executed over 
more than one financial year, provide estimated 
break-up financial year-wise. 
` 200 Crores
6 Justification as to why the RPTs proposed to be 
entered into are in the interest of the listed entity
The Manorama Africa Limited is having strong supply chain 
network and presence in different geographical location 
in West African countries for procurement of Nuts/Raw 
Material.
7 Details of the promoter(s), director(s), or key 
managerial personnel of the listed entity who have 
an interest in the transaction—directly or indirectly
(Indirect interest includes interest held through any 
person or entity over which the individual has control)
Mrs. Vinita Ashish Saraf (Vice Chairperson and Whole-Time 
Director), Mr. Shrey Ashish Saraf (Whole-Time Director) 
and Mr. Gautam Kumar Pal (Whole-Time Director) are 
interested in this transaction.
8 A copy of the valuation or other external party 
report, if any, shall be placed before the Audit 
Committee.
Not Applicable
9 Any other information relevant for decision-
making, as applicable
Not Applicable
318

--- page 322 ---
B.  Disclosur e in case of transactions relating to sale, purchase or supply of goods or services or any other similar business 
transaction and trade advances.
Sr. 
No.
Particulars of 
Transaction
Basis of 
determination 
of price.
Bidding or other 
process, if any, 
applied for 
choosing a party 
for sale, purchase 
or supply of goods 
or services.
In case of Trade advance (of uptown 365 days 
or such period for which such advances are 
extended as per normal trade practice) , if any, 
proposed to be extended to the related party in 
relation to the transaction, specify the following:
Amount of 
trade advance
Tenure Whether 
same is self-
liquidating
1 Purchase of Goods
(Raw Material) / 
Services
The 
determination 
of price will 
be based on 
prevailing 
market 
conditions.
Not Applicable NIL Not 
Applicable
Not Applicable
It is clarified that the management had provided the Audit Committee with relevant details of the proposed RPTs, including material 
terms and basis of pricing. The Audit Committee, after reviewing all necessary information, has granted its approval for entering 
into the said RPTs. The Audit Committee has noted that the said transaction(s) will be at an arm’s length pricing basis and will be 
in the ordinary course of business.
The Board recommends the resolution as set out at Item No. 5 as an Ordinary resolution to the Members for their approval.
Except Mrs. Vinita Ashish Saraf, Vice-Chairperson and Whole-time Director of the Company, Mr. Gautam Kumar Pal, Whole-time 
Director of the Company and Mr. Shrey Ashish Saraf, Whole Time Director of the Company, being related parties, none of the other 
Directors, Key Managerial Personnel or their relatives are, in anyway concerned or interested in the resolution set out at Item No 5.
By order of the Board of Directors
For Manorama Industries Limited
Sd/-
Deepak Sharma
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer
Membership No.: A48707
Place: Raipur
Date: August 13, 2026
Registered Office:
Office No. 701, 7th Floor, Bonanza Building,
Sahar Plaza Complex, Andheri Kurla Road,
Andheri East, Mumbai, Maharashtra, 400059
Manorama Industries Limited
Annual Report 2025-26
319

--- page 323 ---
ANNEXURE I
Details of Director seeking re-appointment at the AGM
[Pursuant to Regulation 36 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 and Secretarial 
Standard on General Meetings (SS-2) issued by the Institute of Company Secretaries of India]
Categories Particulars
Name/Category/Designation Mr. Gautam Kumar Pal, Whole- time Director
Director Identification Number (DIN) 07645652
Date of Birth/Age 04/02/1974 (52 years)
Qualification 1. Doctorate in Management from National Institute of Management, Maharashtra.
2. MBA in Production and Marketing from Amity University, Uttar Pradesh.
3. B. Tech in Chemical Technology (Specialisation in all Technology) from Kolkata 
University.
Original Date of Joining the Board January 10, 2018
Nature of expertise/Background Details Mr. Gautam Kumar Pal holds a Doctorate in Management from National Institute of 
Management, Maharashtra. He is an MBA in Production and Marketing from Amity 
University, Uttar Pradesh. He holds a degree of a B. Tech in Chemical Technology 
(Specialisation in all Technology) from Kolkata University. As the head of business 
operations, he has vast experience in Specialty Oils and Fats / Butters Manufacturing 
and Quality control. He has total experience of 25 years. He has also successfully 
completed a Certificate Program in Product Management and Agentic AI from 
Vishlesan i-Hub, IIT Patna.
Terms & Conditions of appointment/re-
appointment
Mr. Gautam Kumar Pal, (DIN: 07645652) Whole Time Director, who retires by rotation 
and being eligible, offers herself for reappointment pursuant to Section 152 of the 
Companies Act, 2013.
Details of remuneration sought to be 
paid/ Remuneration last drawn
Last drawn: ` 2,09,71,250/- (Rupees Two Crore Nine Lakh Seventy-One Thousand 
Two Hundred Fifty) 
Pecuniary relationship directly or 
indirectly with the Company /other 
Directors/ Managers/ Key Managerial 
Persons
Not Applicable
Number of Board meeting attended 
during the year
6 out of 6 
Number of Equity Shares held in the 
Company (including shareholding as a 
beneficial owner)
15,000 equity shares 
List of Directorship in other Companies 
as on August 13, 2026
NIL
List of Membership / Chairmanship of 
Committees as on August 13, 2026
1 (Member of Risk Management Committee)
List of Membership/Chairmanship of 
Committees of other Companies as on  
August 13, 2026
Nil
List of Companies from which resigned 
in the past three years
Nil
320

--- page 324 ---
CORPORATE INFORMATION
REGISTERED OFFICE
Office No. 701, 7th Floor, Bonanza Building,  
Sahar Plaza Complex, Andheri Kurla Road, Andheri East, 
Mumbai - 400059, Maharashtra, India 
Phone: +9167088148/49743611 
Email: cs@manoramagroup.co.in
CORPORATE AND BUSINESS OFFICE
F-6, Anupam Nagar, Raipur -492007, Chhattisgarh, India
Phone: +91 771 2283071/2282457 
Email: cs@manoramagroup.co.in, 
            info@manoramagroup.co.in
FACTORY ADDRESS
Village Birkoni, Nearby IIDC Birkoni, Paraswani Road, 
Dist: Mahasamund, Chhattisgarh- 493445, India 
Email: info@manoramagroup.co.in/ 
             info@manoramaind.com 
Website: www.manoramagroup.co.in
OUR BANKERS
State Bank of India 
Bank of India 
Bank of Baroda 
Canara Bank 
Axis Bank 
YES Bank
CHIEF FINANCE OFFICER
CA Ashok Jain 
Phone: +91 771 2283071 
Email: ashok@manoramagroup.co.in
COMPANY SECRETARY AND COMPLIANCE OFFICER
CS Deepak Sharma 
Phone: +91 771 2283071 
Email: cs_sharma@manoramagroup.co.in
INVESTOR RELATION
Ms. Ekta Soni 
Phone: +91 771 2283071 
Email: ekta@manoramagroup.co.in, 
            investor@manoramagroup.co.in
STATUTORY AUDITOR
Singhi & Co. Chartered Accountants
INTERNAL AUDITOR
CLA Indus Value Consulting Private Limited
SECRETARIAL AUDITOR
B.R. Agrawal & Associates, 
Practicing Company Secretaries 
Goyal Enterprises 18/952,  
Civil Station Road,  
Opp. Hotel Satkar,  
Raipur (C.G.) - 492009 
Phone: 0771-4061914, 4911914 
Email: info.secretarialcompliance@gmail.com
REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER AGENT (RTA)
MUFG Intime India Private Limited (‘MUFG’) 
(formerly known as Link Intime India Private Limited) 
C-101, Embassy 247, LBS  Marg, Vikhroli (West),  
Mumbai - 400083, Maharashtra, India 
Phone: +91 8108116767 
Fax: 022-49186060 
Email: investor.helpdesk@in.mpms.mufg.com
LEGAL ADVISOR
Dhawan & Co, New Delhi


--- page 325 ---


--- page 326 ---
 
It is in giving that we receive
Positively impacting the lives of the community by providing  
livelihood opportunities to tribals through engagement in seed collection
REGISTERED OFFICE
Office No. 701, 7th Floor, Bonanza Building, Sahar Plaza Complex, Andheri Kurla Road, Andheri East, 
Mumbai - 400059, Maharashtra, India 
Phone: +9167088148/49743611 
Email: cs@manoramagroup.co.in
CORPORATE AND BUSINESS OFFICE
F-6, Anupam Nagar, Raipur -492007, Chhattisgarh, India
Phone: +91 771 2283071/2282457 
Email: cs@manoramagroup.co.in, 
            info@manoramagroup.co.in
FACTORY ADDRESS
Village Birkoni, Nearby IIDC Birkoni, Paraswani Road, 
Dist: Mahasamund, Chhattisgarh- 493445, India 
Email: info@manoramagroup.co.in/info@manoramaind.com 
Website: www.manoramagroup.co.in