

--- page 1 ---
 
 
 
May May May May 18 18 18 18, 202 , 202 , 202 , 20266 66    
    
To, To, To, To,                                                                                    To, To, To, To,    
National Stock Exchange of India Limited   BSE Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex   Floor no. 25, PJ Towers 
Bandra (E)       Dalal Street 
Mumbai - 400 051       Mumbai – 400 001 
Trading Symbol: Trading Symbol: Trading Symbol: Trading Symbol: “SOLARINDS” “SOLARINDS” “SOLARINDS” “SOLARINDS”     Scrip Code: 532725 Scrip Code: 532725 Scrip Code: 532725 Scrip Code: 532725 
Through NEAPS Through NEAPS Through NEAPS Through NEAPS                         Through BSE Listing Center Through BSE Listing Center Through BSE Listing Center Through BSE Listing Center 
 
    
Subject: Subject: Subject: Subject:    Transcription of Confere Transcription of Confere Transcription of Confere Transcription of Conference Call with reference to the nce Call with reference to the nce Call with reference to the nce Call with reference to the AA AAudited Financial Results for the udited Financial Results for the udited Financial Results for the udited Financial Results for the 
quarter quarter quarter quarter    and and and and year year year year ended ended ended ended on on on on March March March March 33 3311 11, , , , 202 202 202 2026, 6, 6, 6,    with the with the with the with the MM MManagement of the Company. anagement of the Company. anagement of the Company. anagement of the Company. 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Further to our letter dated May 12, 2026 we are forwarding herewith a copy of Transcription of 
Conference Call hosted by Motilal Oswal Financial Services Limited Motilal Oswal Financial Services Limited Motilal Oswal Financial Services Limited Motilal Oswal Financial Services Limited, , , , on    Fri Fri Fri Friday day day day, , , , May May May May 15 15 15 15, 202 , 202 , 202 , 20266 66    at at at at    
55 55.. ..00 00 00 00    pp pp.m .m .m .m.. .. IST IST IST IST to discuss the Audited Financial Results of the Company for the quarter and year ended 
on March 31, 2026 with the Management of the Company. 
 
Kindly take the same on record and acknowledge.  
 
Thanking you 
 
Yours truly, 
    
For Solar Industries India Limited For Solar Industries India Limited For Solar Industries India Limited For Solar Industries India Limited    
    
    
    
Khushboo Pasari Khushboo Pasari Khushboo Pasari Khushboo Pasari    
Company Secretary & Company Secretary & Company Secretary & Company Secretary &     
Compliance Officer Compliance Officer Compliance Officer Compliance Officer    
 

--- page 2 ---
Page 1 of 12  
 
 
 
 
“Solar Industries India Limited 
Q4 FY26 Earnings Conference Call” 
May 15, 2026 
 
 
 
            
 
MANAGEMENT : M R. MANISH NUWAL –  CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
AND MANAGING DIRECTOR –  SOLAR INDUSTRIES 
INDIA LIMITED  
 M R. SURESH MENON –  EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR –  
SOLAR INDUSTRIES INDIA LIMITED  
 M R. MILIND DESHMUKH –  EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR –  
SOLAR INDUSTRIES INDIA LIMITED  
 M R. MONEESH AGRAWAL –  JOINT CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER –  SOLAR INDUSTRIES INDIA LIMITED  
 M RS. SHALINEE MANDHANA –  JOINT CHIEF 
FINANCIAL OFFICER –  SOLAR INDUSTRIES INDIA 
LIMITED  
  
 
MODERATOR : M S. TEENA VIRMANI –  MOTILAL OSWAL FINANCIAL 
SERVICES  
 
 
 


--- page 3 ---
  Solar Industries India Limited 
  May 15, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 12  
 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the S olar Industries Q4 FY26 Earnings Call, 
hosted by Motilal Oswal Financial Services. As a re minder, all participant lines will be in the 
listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during this conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Pl ease note that this conference is being 
recorded. I now hand the conference over to Ms. Tee na Virmani from Motilal Oswal Financial 
Services. Thank you, and over to you, ma'am. 
Teena Virmani: Yes, thanks. Good evening, everyone. On behalf of Motilal Oswal Financial Services, we thank 
the management of Solar Industries to give us an op portunity to host the call. From the 
management team, we have Mr. Manish Nuwal, Managing  Director and CEO; Mr. Suresh 
Menon, Executive Director; Mr. Milind Deshmukh, Executive Director; Mr. Moneesh Agrawal, 
Joint CFO and Mrs. Shalinee Mandhana, Joint CFO. Over to you, Mr. Manish for your opening 
remarks. And after that, we will open the floor for Q&A. 
Shalinee Mandhana: Thank you, Teena. A very good evening to all our dear stakeholders and well-wishers. My name 
is Shalinee, and I would like to welcome you all to  Solar Industries Fourth Quarter and Yearly 
Conference Call of FY '26. This call's recording, inc luding the transcript, will be available on 
the site.  
The financial statements, quarterly fact sheet, inv estor presentation and press releases are all 
available on the website. To begin with, I would li ke to remind you all that during this call, we 
might make projections or other forward-looking sta tements regarding future events and about 
the future financial performance.  
Please remember that such statements are only predi ctions. Actual events or results may differ 
materially, and our website will be updated with all the relevant information from time to time. 
Now I would request Solar's MD and CEO, Mr. Manish ji Nuwal for his opening remarks on the 
company's performance, followed by Q&A session. Over to you, sir. 
Manish Nuwal: Dear esteemed investors, a very good evening. I'm Manish Nuwal, Managing Director and CEO, 
welcome you all to Solar Industries India Limited E arnings Call for the fourth quarter and 
financial year ended 31st March 2026. We are happy to report that our company has delivered 
landmark performance, clocking its highest-ever quarterly and annual sales of INR3,053 crores 
and INR9,838 crores, respectively. 
Despite no growth in domestic mining markets. We ha ve also achieved the highest-ever 
quarterly EBITDA and PAT at INR870 crores and INR556 crores, registering a growth of 59% 
and 61% year-on-year and highest-ever quarterly EBIT DA and PAT at INR2,750 crores, and 
INR1,737 crores, registering a growth of 35% each in the year FY '26. 
 We achieved our EBITDA margins at around 28.5% for this quarter and 27.95% for the whole 
year. These numbers were propelled by strong sales from international and defense business, 
relentless focus on our high-value chain products a nd operational efficiencies. Dear investors, 
our defense business has nearly doubled. 

--- page 4 ---
  Solar Industries India Limited 
  May 15, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 12  
 
Delivering outstanding growth with revenue surging 134% in Q4 and 94% for the full year to 
reach a record high of INR1,008 crores and INR2,634  crores, respectively. The robust sales 
pipeline, coupled with strong execution capabilities position us well to sustain this momentum, 
and we should cross defense revenue of INR4,500 crores in FY '27. 
 Solar's international business has performed very well, and as a result, we registered a growth 
of 32% year-on-year. Solar's ability in establishin g strong relationship with its customers as a 
trusted partner underscores company's strength in i dentifying and capitalizing the global 
opportunities. 
 Our recent expansions into Northern and Western pa rts of India, paired with upcoming plants in 
the East and South India as well, will definitely h elp us to strengthen our domestic footprint. 
This expected growth in domestic market is further complemented by our strong momentum in 
the international business.  
Additionally, the defense vertical is steadily matu ring into a powerful stand-alone platform, 
driving deep tech innovations, enabling significant  future growth potential. In FY '26, we have 
delivered 30% revenue growth and surpassed our annual EBITDA guidance. This performance 
reinforces our confidence in the scalability of our business.  
Backed up by a strong order book of INR21,300 crores  and robust opportunities across all 
verticals, we are targeting to achieve a revenue of INR14,000 crores in FY '27, while maintaining 
current margins. To support these growth plans, the company has invested INR2,700 crores over 
the last 2 years, and entering into FY '27 with a planned annual capex of INR2,050 crores.  
The company has proposed a dividend of INR11 per sh are for FY '26-'27, up from INR10 per 
share in the previous year, reflecting confidence i n its financial health and commitment to the 
shareholders. I sincerely thank all our esteemed in vestors and analysts for joining us today. 
Thank you for your continued trust and partnership.  
Now I will hand over system to Shalinee Mandhana for presenting the financials in detail. 
Shalinee Mandhana: Thank you, sir. Coming to the results. We have shared the investor presentation carrying all the 
necessary information for your perusal. Key highlig hts for quarter 4 and for year FY '26 are as 
seen. The consolidated revenue for the quarter is INR3,053 crores versus INR2,167 crores, and 
for the year, it is INR9,838 crores versus INR7,540 crores. 
 The percentages of the sector in the customer bask ets are as follows: CIL is down in the basket 
to 9% from 13%. Non-CIL and institutional is at 10% from 14%. Housing and infra is at 15% 
from 16% in the basket. International business is a t 33% from 36% and defense has massively 
increased to 33% from 20% and has crossed the 4-figure mark reaching INR1,008 crores during 
the quarter. And in terms of percentage, it is up 134% year-on-year basis. 
 In the year, the CIL in the basket is down to 9% fr om 13%. Non-CIL and institutional is at 12% 
from 15%, housing and infra is at 12% from 15% in the basket. International business is almost 
similar at 39% from 38% and defense increased magnificently to 27% from 18%. And in number 
terms, it has almost doubled to INR2,634 crores from INR1,355 crores and up by 94%. 

--- page 5 ---
  Solar Industries India Limited 
  May 15, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 12  
 
 Raw materials. Raw material consumption for the quar ter stands at INR1,522 crores versus 
INR1,178 crores. And at the year, it stands at INR4 ,894 crores versus INR3,979 crores. The 
employee cost for the quarter stands at INR253 cror es versus INR174 crores. And for the year, 
it stands at INR845 crores versus INR600 crores.  
The other expense for the quarter stands at INR453 crores versus INR275 crores and for the year 
stands at INR1,477 crores versus INR1,001 crores. E BITDA. We reported highest EBITDA 
numbers for the quarter at INR870 crores versus INR 546 crores. And for the year, the highest 
EBITDA stands at INR2,750 crores versus INR2,031 crores.  
The interest and finance cost stands at INR41 crore s versus INR29 crores. And for the year, it 
stands at INR134 crores versus INR117 crores. Depreciation cost stands at INR71 crores versus 
INR50 crores for the quarter. And for the year, it stands at INR251 crores versus INR182 crores. 
Profit before tax stands at INR759 crores versus INR464 crores.  
And for the year, it is at INR2,365 crores versus I NR1,739 crores. The highest-ever quarterly 
PAT stands at INR556 crores versus INR346 crores and for the year, it stands at INR1,737 crores 
versus INR1,288 crores. These were the updates for the quarter and the year. This is all from our 
side. And now we would be happy to take any questions, comments or suggestions that you may 
have. Over to you, Teena. 
Teena Virmani: We can now open the floor for Q&A. 
Moderator: Thank you. We will now begin the question and answer session. Our first question comes from 
the line of Amit Dixit with Goldman Sachs. 
Amit Dixit: Congratulations for a very robust set of numbers and  indeed a very strong guidance. I have a 
couple of questions. The first one is on internatio nal business. Now if you look at international 
business, the growth has been very good this year. Just wanted to get a sense on the new 
geographies like Zimbabwe that we entered this year and some of -- and what are the other key 
geographies we might be thinking? Also, what -- I mean what all geographies are we expecting 
more traction in this year, FY '27? That is my first question, sir? 
Manish Nuwal: Thank you, Amit. You are very right that internatio nal business is doing quite good. And like I 
said, in this year, the international business has grown by 32%. And in the next year, which is 
FY '27, we are expecting apart from defense, domest ic and international both should do very 
good. So as far as new territories are concerned, m ainly, we are focusing on African continent, 
and that's the market where we are expanding every year. 
 So like I have explained in my previous calls, we have created South Africa as one of the hub 
for our future expansions. And we are -- we have al ready set up the facilities apart from South 
Africa in Zambia, Tanzania, and we have also started Zimbabwe facility. And in the West Africa, 
we have Nigeria as a base.  
And from there, we have started our operations in Ghana. And in this year, we are expecting to 
start operation in Sierra Leone. And in Turkey, we have a strong base, and we have started 
Kazakhstan plant. So similarly, we are trying to ex pand in all those markets, which helps us to 

--- page 6 ---
  Solar Industries India Limited 
  May 15, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 12  
 
utilize the facilities which we have set up in thes e major markets. And as far as Southeast Asia 
is concerned, we have a small facility at Thailand and Indonesia. Australia is also going to start 
very soon. 
Amit Dixit: Great, sir. Very clear. The second question is essentially on defense. Now defense guidance has 
been -- I mean it is very, very robust after a very good quarter. Now a couple of clarifications or 
a little bit more color that I would request from you in this regard. Sir, one is about Bhargavastra.  
I mean the counter-drone systems have been in favor, I mean, for some time now. So just wanted 
to get an understanding where we are on that front,  if any tests are pending and when can we 
expect the order? Similarly, the progress on 155 mm  shells, where we are with respect to tests 
and other necessary certifications? 
Manish Nuwal: So normally, we would like to avoid all such produc t-specific questions due to a variety of 
reasons. But Bhargavastra is a strategic item for us, and we are developing this product from last 
couple of years. And this product will be one of th e very few companies in the world who will 
be developing such kind of system. So the product development is in the final stage.  
But still, such kind of product development takes lo nger time than what we expect. But 
definitely, we should be able to complete all the t rials in this calendar year. So this is the status 
of Bhargavastra. And as far as 155 mm products are c oncerned, we have already started 
supplying all the raw material intermediates going into this product. Our coupling facility, which 
will help us to produce the complete 155 mm product, we should be able to finish in next couple 
of quarters. But definitely, it will take another 3 to 4 months' time, then we will start supplying 
the complete round of 155 mm. 
Moderator: The next question comes from the line of Umesh Raut with Nomura India. 
Umesh Raut: Congratulations for a very good set of numbers. Sir, my first question is pertaining to our exports 
business. If I look at our historical trajectory, I  think we have seen stronger growth in between 
FY '19 to '23, when our business actually grew by almost 3.5x in terms of top line. Then we had 
almost more of a flattish growth between '23 to '25? 
And again, I think it looks like with 32% kind of a growth in '26, growth is looking very stronger 
on the export side. So I just want to understand ho w big this opportunity is probably 2, 3 years 
down the line. Again, can we expect closer to 2, 3x  kind of jump in terms of top line for our 
export business? And to achieve these kind of growt h opportunities, what kind of investment 
that we can expect from you in terms of medium term, both on capacity expansion as well as on 
client traction side? 
Manish Nuwal: Yes. Thank you very much. Yes, you are right that i f you look at 2015 number, the export and 
overseas was around INR400 crores, and that has rea ched to almost INR800 crores, and there, 
we hover around for almost 3 to 4 years, right from  2021 to almost -- 2018 till '21, we were in 
that range of INR800 crores.  
And after that, it started picking up. So the point was that during that period, we were setting up 
the greenfield facilities, qualifying ourselves int o the overall mining procurement system. So 

--- page 7 ---
  Solar Industries India Limited 
  May 15, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 12  
 
that was the key period. And after that, the sales from our exports and overseas has started 
picking up, especially from 2022. So that was the year when it has reached to INR1,400 crores. 
And now it has crossed almost INR3,800 crores. 
 And next year also, we are expecting a growth of a round 30%. So we believe that there are 
plenty of opportunities for us in the international  market. But it will be very difficult for us to 
give any trajectory specifically in numbers of how much multiple we can grow, or how much 
times we can grow from this base.  
But I feel that since international markets are grow ing at 2% to 3%, but we expect that volume 
terms, we should be able to grow comfortably at aro und 10%. And in value terms, we should 
grow at around 15%. But this year, definitely, because of the rise in commodity prices will help 
us to have more top line. So that's why we are bull ish and for the next year, we are expecting a 
growth of around 30%. 
Umesh Raut: Got it, sir. Sir, just one clarification. If you can give us some understanding about market share 
that you have in key markets in export region? 
Manish Nuwal: As of now, we don't have that kind of visibility. 
Umesh Raut: Okay. Sir, my second question is, if I exclude your  target growth on exports and defense side, 
domestic looks like is expected to see about 35% ki nd of growth for '27, which is more of an 
implied growth from your guidance. So is it on the account of purely low base where '26 was 
also impacted year from the monsoon? And apart from  that, probably higher traction on infra 
and coal volume side that you are expecting in '27? 
Manish Nuwal: Yes. So for the next year, like why we have mention ed that we are targeting INR14,000 crores 
revenue, and if you take the defense out of that total number, then it is around INR9,500 crores. 
And like I said, the domestic and international com bined together, we should be able to grow 
plus 30%. So out of this 30%, 32% or 33% growth, we  expect that 10% to 15% should come 
from volume growth and around 20% -- 18% to 20% should come from the price rise.  
So that is mainly because of the impact of the higher crude or gas prices on the down -- upstream 
products or downstream lines. As far as the demand, the domestic market is concerned, last year, 
it was a totally flat growth market or you can say the OB removal in Coal India, Singareni and 
private coal mines combined together was on a negative side.  
But despite of that, we managed a decent growth of a round 4% in value terms. And this year, 
we expect that because of the pressure in the marke t where people would like to shift from the 
diesel, petrol or generated products to the electricity-based products. So that will definitely help 
the growth in the coal mining sector. And since las t year was the bottom-out kind of situation 
for OB removal section. So this year, we expect the demand should pick up. 
Umesh Raut: Understood. Understood. Sir, my last question on th e competition side. We are hearing about 
probable entry of Kalyani Group into explosive business. So any kind of thought process here? 
I mean, do you see incremental competition because of this? And especially, if you look at, I 
think, defense because they were already present in  this business in form of guns and missiles, 

--- page 8 ---
  Solar Industries India Limited 
  May 15, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 12  
 
probably. Any kind of colour over here in terms of competitive intensity you are seeing 
increasing in the domestic market? 
Manish Nuwal: So the first point is, definitely, I would not like  to comment on the competition side or 
competitive, but it's a matter of fact that Solar has risen its base from 1996 where it was a small 
player in the whole explosive market. And we have competed with the world number 1, number 
2 in the market and we have increased our presence.  
So from competition side, we are not afraid from anyone. But market opportunities are immense, 
where everybody will have its own pie. We cannot sa y that we will have 100% market share, 
and that is not our target also. And the way we are  expanding, it is not the only product which 
we are working into. We are not a hardware company also. We are developing energetic 
products. We are expanding our technology footprint s and going to offer many advanced 
technology solutions for the border security. 
Moderator: The next question comes from the line of Vikas Singh from ICICI Securities. 
Vikas Singh: Congratulations on a very good set of numbers despite challenges. Sir, my first question pertains 
to since our defense mix is improving in the overall sales, while we are still getting the guidance 
-- margin guidance kind of an impact versus last year. So is it some of the items where the cost 
inflation pass on would be difficult and that's why  overall margins has failed? Or are we 
traditionally doing a conservative estimate at this point of time? 
Manish Nuwal: So as far as EBITDA margins are concerned, you are a ware that prices of all the commodities 
has gone up and definitely passing on the same incr ease sometimes is difficult. But we have 
increased the prices, and there are rise and fall calculations already in place in our contracts. So 
that will take care of the actual price rise. But i f you look into the overall EBITDA margin, 
definitely, there will be some, little bit impact. But since our defense is picking up, international 
is also doing very good. So we should be able to maintain the current EBITDA margins. 
Vikas Singh: Noted sir. Sir, my second question pertains to the domestic explosive market. Obviously, we 
have added a lot of capacities and eyeing a market share gain. Is it basically through the new 
products because segments remain the same or the user industries are limited in a way, and none 
of them are growing at 10% or 12%. So just wanted to understand this market share gain strategy, 
how we are actually targeting that? 
Manish Nuwal: So it is not a straight away market gaining strateg y. Over the last, say, 10, 12 years, we were 
expanding our facilities at our core plant, which is at Nagpur, which makes package explosives 
and initiating systems. But as we have become a global player, the capacity utilization level has 
gone up. At the same time, if you look into the logistics cost, which comes on the explosives, it 
is a wise step for us to expand outside Nagpur. Tha t's why we have acquired a company in 
Northern part of India. 
 At the same time, we have just almost finished the  mega expansion in Western part of India. 
And similarly, we are going to expand our base in O rissa and Telangana markets, Andhra 
Pradesh. So this is a key reason. Second is, as you  are near to the customer, definitely gaining 

--- page 9 ---
  Solar Industries India Limited 
  May 15, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 12  
 
or servicing the customer is always better. And that helps us to grow or grab the market growth 
in those markets. So that's the key point. 
Vikas Singh: Noted sir. Sir, just one last question. In terms of this quarter, had we had any inventory gains in 
our overall numbers, sir, or if it's the natural kind of the margins which we were expecting? 
Manish Nuwal: So definitely, whenever prices goes up, we have inv entories like in this quarter, our inventory 
was more than what we normally carry due to a variety of reasons. And definitely, we will have 
inventory gain in the coming quarters. But at the sa me time, this is very normal for our kind of 
industry.  
And since price goes up by, example, $200, but you will get only on the price escalation based 
only for, say, 60% of the total increase. So that w ill take care of only the price increase. But 
there are certain contracts where we can pass on af ter a quarter. So those kind of situation, we 
can easily absorb with having such kind of inventory level. So definitely, we are in a very good 
position to absorb these kind of shocks. 
Vikas Singh: Noted, sir. And sir, next year, capex, if we can sp lit between defense versus nondefense 
explosives, that INR2,000 crores plus capex? 
Manish Nuwal: Like we always say that for us, our business is one. And next year, we are going to invest around 
INR2,050 crores, and we always channelize the capex  programs based on the priority and the 
market opportunity available to us. 
Moderator: The next question comes from the line of Dipen Vakil with PhillipCapital. 
Dipen Vakil: Congratulations on a great execution. Sir, my first question is, sir, can you help us with the order 
book breakup between defense and nondefense for the INR21,300 crores order book? And what 
are the major orders which we can expect in the near future? Any highlight on that? 
Manish Nuwal: Yes. Out of the total INR21,000 crores of order book, defense is around INR18,000 crores, and 
nondefense is around INR3,000 crores. And out of th is total defense INR18,000 crores order 
book and mainly the biggest order was from Pinaka a nd rest all are small, small, raw material 
intermediate goods for the Indian market.  
And we have also received plenty of orders from the  international markets and as far as new 
orders are coming, yes, we are in final stages of r eceiving orders for the similar products. And 
we are also expecting orders from Pinaka series of products that is in the discussion stage. We 
are in negotiation, but that takes time. 
Dipen Vakil: Got it, sir. Sir, my second question is, I want to understand the new product and development, 
which are happening at Solar. So considering that a lot of -- so can you help us understand which 
are the new products which are on the advanced stag es of finalization in terms of development 
and can come into your product portfolio soon and which are in the early stages? 
Manish Nuwal: So like I said, it is not wise on our part to share  the program-wise progress and status. But 
definitely, the products on which we are working very closely and which are in the final stages, 

--- page 10 ---
  Solar Industries India Limited 
  May 15, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 12  
 
is one of them is Bhargavastra, which is a counter-d rone product. There are multiple options 
within the loitering ammunition. Those are also in the pipeline.  
Apart from these two, like I said, 155 mm complete round of ammunition, that is also in the last 
stage of complete trials. So once we have finished,  like I said, we have already started making 
the propellants for these products, which is large caliber ammunitions. Now we are going to 
make a complete round and supply for the qualification. 
 So these are the key products apart from many othe rs, which are in the design and development 
part and that is not good on us to explain the exac t status for each product. You can also see 
DRDO is developing many of the products, and we have  also partnered with those programs. 
But these program takes time. And we will definitely share the progress on key milestones. 
Dipen Vakil: Got it, sir. Sir, last small follow-up. Sir, you ha d like medium caliber ammunition facility you 
had recently commissioned. So is it operational now  or we are still awaiting some certification 
or something. So can you share an update on that? 
Manish Nuwal: That is already commissioned, and we are starting supplying the products for qualification. And 
once we qualify, we will definitely receive orders for those products. 
Moderator: The next question comes from the line of Bharat Shah with BCS Capital Ideas. 
Bharat Shah: Hearty, hearty congratulations. Once again, really standard defining performance. Hearty 
congratulations to you and the team. 
Manish Nuwal: Thank you very much, sir. 
Bharat Shah: Over a dozen-odd years that I've known you in a very quiet and unassuming way from virtually 
a limited product in limited geographies, we have built a business, which is multi-sector, multi-
geography, multi-products, and made it brick by bri ck a very resilient and strong business. So 
great credit to the way the business has been built over a period of time. 
 I remember 10 years back when defense business see ds were being laid and there was nothing 
on horizon and how painstakingly efforts have been put to build the business where it is today. 
So clearly, kudos to you and the entire Solar team. Just one -- two questions. 
Last year, if you see the financial year '25, '26, working capital is sucked away almost about 
INR1,600 crores. And in the year prior to that, wor king capital actually released about INR800 
crores. So from the cash flow, operational cash flow, almost a swing of INR2,400 crores is being 
sucked away from the operational cash flow in the '25, '26. Any comments on that? 
Manish Nuwal: First of all, thank you very much, Bharat bhai, for your kind appreciation. And definitely, in fact, 
it's a responsibility of every citizen and every co mpany to work towards our national security 
and contribute for the country's prosperity and progress. So thank you very much, sir. And as far 
as your working capital question, Shalinee will respond to that. Just a minute, sir. 
Shalinee Mandhana: Sir, the working capital days had been -- in this year, it had been hovering around 90 to 100 days 
till quarter 3. But in quarter 4, so the working capital days have been increased primarily due to 

--- page 11 ---
  Solar Industries India Limited 
  May 15, 2026 
 
Page 10  of 12  
 
higher inventory levels. They were mainly done to build them and mitigate the risk arising from 
geopolitical uncertainties.  
And to address the uncertainties and maintain supply chain continuity have been critical. And as 
Manish ji had answered in the last call, so obvious ly, the inventory levels will help us going 
forward. So as to it won't disturb the revenues goi ng ahead as well as the same will help in 
generating the margins. And as... 
Bharat Shah: Yes. Sorry, please go ahead. 
Shalinee Mandhana: Yes. As the geopolitical situation stabilizes, we a nticipate normalization in the working capital 
limits over time, maybe in the next 2 quarters. 
Bharat Shah: Sure. So this was a deliberate and strategic decision. It is not accidental. 
Shalinee Mandhana: Yes, sir. Correct. 
Bharat Shah: Right. And second, if I see contribution of subsidiaries to the earnings, consolidated bottom line. 
I'm a bit intrigued by that. If you see our consoli dated earnings for last year, it has been about 
INR185 compared to INR134 last year, year '25, of which subsidiaries have contributed INR50 
in the current year compared to INR45 in the year preceding.  
So subsidiaries barely added to the consolidated bottom line, which considering our export and 
international presence, I'm a bit surprised that how subsidiaries have made relatedly more muted 
contribution. Of course, in the fourth quarter, it is dramatically improved where INR11 had come 
contribution of subsidiaries to the fourth quarter results last year, which has shot up to INR19 in 
the current year. But really in the entirety, INR45 earnings to INR50 earnings of the subsidiaries, 
I'm a bit surprised by that. 
Manish Nuwal: So sir, in the first half of this year, since the d efense business because defense -- our Solar 
Defense is a subsidiary of Solar Industries and our  international business are also subsidiaries. 
So if you look at the total results, definitely in the first 6 months, the results from the defense 
section as well as the international as far as marg ins are concerned were subdued and it started 
improving from Q3.  
And in Q4 those all started giving very good results. So that's the key factor. And now onwards, 
we believe that the subsidiary level, whether it is  in India or overseas, all will start delivering 
very good performance. And that's why despite of a very high base of raw material prices, which 
we are expecting in the coming financial year, we are pretty confident that we should be able to 
achieve the current levels of EBITDA margins.  
If you look at the 3, 4 years back period, when the  raw material prices has increased by 50%, 
60%, 70%, at those times, our EBITDA margins went down by around 2% to 3%. So this time, 
we are confident that we should be able to manage t his situation with the help of improved 
defense as well as international business. 

--- page 12 ---
  Solar Industries India Limited 
  May 15, 2026 
 
Page 11  of 12  
 
Bharat Shah: Sure. No, understood, which means basically volatil e currencies and volatile geographies must 
have taken some part of the earnings, I suppose, in  the last year and that you expect it to be 
reversed, right? 
Manish Nuwal: Absolutely, sir. That is the situation in all these markets. Sometimes there is a lack of payment, 
sometimes we have to buy at a higher price. But frankly speaking, all such kind of uncertainties 
-- and if you handle it well, converts into an oppo rtunity, and we like all these things. So in a 
nutshell, sir, overall as a business, if you are ab le to achieve around 27%, 28% of EBITDA 
margin, despite of all the current crisis, it is al l because of the efforts which we have taken on 
all the fronts. 
Bharat Shah: Absolutely. The record is there to show it fully what you are seeing. So remarkable, remarkable 
one. And once again, hearty congratulations. 
Moderator: The next question comes from the line of Sanjeev Zarbade with Antique Stock Broking. 
Sanjeev Zarbade Sir, our exports business has remained largely flat tish on a sequential basis. So are you seeing 
any headwinds on account of the developments in the West Asia regarding freight and logistics? 
And would it impact similar growth in Q1? 
Manish Nuwal: In the Q4, the revenue from international is around INR1,000 crores, and last quarter also, it was 
in a similar range. So we expect improved performan ce even more than these levels in the 
coming quarters. 
Sanjeev Zarbade And sir, my second question was regarding the impact of the commodity prices. And of course, 
we have taken some price increases. So -- and I thi nk from our past interactions, I think the 
benefit of price increase comes with a lag. So is i t possible that we might see some impact on 
margins in Q1? And then maybe in Q2, there could be some recoup of the margins? 
Manish Nuwal: So we run business as a whole, and we don't wish on quarter-to-quarter basis. So what guidance 
we have given, we are pretty optimistic that we should be able to achieve that. 
Sanjeev Zarbade And sir, thirdly, because of the increase in prices  of ammonium nitrate, would there be any 
demand impact in the sense that buyers might wait f or some time to prices to cool off and then 
start buying the high? 
Manish Nuwal: It is too early to comment on this because the impact of very high prices of commodities killing 
the demand. We need to wait for some more time, get the clarity and the response of the people 
who are going to consume these products. But by and large, we are -- we do feel that there can 
be a demand contraction for some couple of months. But by and large, on an annual basis, I don't 
see that. 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question fo r today. I would now like to hand the 
conference over to the management for the closing remarks. 
Shalinee Mandhana: Hello. We thank Motilal and Chorus Call for the call and all the investors for taking the call. 
Thank you. 

--- page 13 ---
  Solar Industries India Limited 
  May 15, 2026 
 
Page 12  of 12  
 
Moderator: Thank you, ma'am. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf o f Motilal Oswal Financial Services 
Limited, that concludes this conference call. Thank  you for joining us, and you may now 
disconnect your lines. 