

--- page 1 ---
 
 
CS:01:100                     07th May, 2025 
 
The Secretary  
BSE Ltd. 
Phiroze Jeejeeboy Towers 
25th Floor, Dalal Street 
Mumbai – 400 001 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor 
Plot No.C/1, G-Block 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
Mumbai – 400 051 
 
BSE Scrip Code: 500110    NSE Trading Symbol: CHENNPETRO 
ISIN: INE178A01016 
 
Dear Sir, 
 
Sub: Transcripts of Post Results Conference Call - Q4 (FY 2024-2025) 
Further to our earlier communication vide our letter dated 28.04.2025 & 02.05.2025 
and Please find enclosed the transcripts of the Post Results Conference Call  of the 
Company – Q4 (FY 2024 – 2025) conducted on 2nd May 2025 (Friday). 
This information is  also available on the Company’s website at  
https://cpcl.co.in/investors/financials/exchange-intimations/. 
This is for your information and record please. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
for Chennai Petroleum Corporation Limited 
 
 
 
 
P.Shankar 
                Company Secretary  
Encl: a/a  
 

--- page 2 ---
 
Page 1 of 12 
 
 
 
“Chennai Petroleum Corporation Limited Q4 FY25 
Earnings Conference Call” 
 
May 02, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: SHRI ROHIT KUMAR AGRAWALA – DIRECTOR (FINANCE) 
SHRI ANIL SAHNI – CGM (TECHNICAL SERVICES) 
SHRI A DHARMARAJ – CGM (FINANCE) 
SHRI SRIKANTH V – CGM (TECHNICAL) 
MODERATOR: MR. HARSHRAJ AGGARWAL – YES SECURITIES 


--- page 3 ---
 Chennai Petroleum Corporation Limited 
 May 02, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 12 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Q4 FY’25 Earnings Conference Call of Chennai 
Petroleum Corporation Ltd. hosted by YES Securities. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity 
for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. Please 
note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Harshraj Aggarwal from YES Securities. Thank you and over 
to you, sir. 
Harshraj Aggarwal: A very good evening to everyone. I would like to extend a very warm welcome to all the participants 
and the top Management of Chennai Petroleum. 
So just to highlight to you who all are present, we have with us Shri Rohit Kumar Agrawala – 
Director (Finance), Shri Anil Sahni – Chief General Manager (Technical Services), Shri A 
Dharmaraj – Chief General Manager (Finance) and Shri Srikanth V – Chief General Manager 
(Technical). 
I would like to hand over the call to the Management for opening remarks and post that we can move 
on to Q&A session.  
Rohit Agrawala: Good evening, everyone. I am Rohit Agrawala – Director (Finance), Chennai Petroleum and with 
me my senior colleagues Mr. Anil Sahni – Chief General Manager (Technical Services), Mr. 
Dharmaraj – Chief General Manager (Finance) and Mr. Srikanth – Chief General Manager 
(Technical). 
First, I must thank you all for joining this call today. On behalf of CPCL team, I welcome you all to 
this post-Quarter 4 Financial Year 2024-25 Result Con Call. 
Before we begin, I would like to mention that some of the statements that we will be making during 
this Con Call are based on our assessment of the matter and we believe that these statements are 
reasonable. However, the result would be different depending on the number of events and 
uncertainties. 
Our Quarter 4, 2024-25 Results are with you for quite some time now. I hope all would have gone 
through and would have done their own analysis and during this call, I will be happy to take questions 
based on the same. 
To start with brief highlights from my side: 

--- page 4 ---
 Chennai Petroleum Corporation Limited 
 May 02, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 12 
During this quarter, our refinery continued its stellar performance both on physical as well as 
financial parameter. I would like to highlight some significant developments as this being our 
diamond jubilee year: 
CPCL has been upgraded from Schedule-B to Schedule-A Central Public Sector Enterprise by 
Government of India during August 2024 which will strengthen the management and expedite the 
decision-making process and also enable us to obtain Navaratna status, whereby the board will be 
empowered with financial autonomy going forward.  
Now, let me start with the physical performance: 
CPCL achieved a crude throughput of 10.45 MMT, equivalent to 99.5% of our installed capacity and 
this must be seen with respect to the turnaround that has happened during the year and if you take 
that into consideration , you will find that this performance is quite comparable to the previous year's 
performance where CPCL clocked 111% capacity utilization and coming on to Quarter 4, the crude 
throughput was 2.974, which is 113% of installed capacity. This again reinforces that performing 
much beyond our rated capacity is now a norm and CPCL is capable of that repeating year after year. 
 The next I would like to state, the lowest ever Energy Intensity Index  registered during the year 
further underlines the optimized energy utilization. I must place it that if you remember our Energy 
Indexes and our Fuel and Loss Indexes  were quite high 2-3 years back and we went to a roadmap 
where we said on a sustained basis, we will bring it down to very efficient levels and in that context, 
the fuel and loss has come down to 8.51% for the year as a whole. The MBN is at around 72.0. The 
best EII figure of 87.4 has been clocked in the current year, 2024-25. 
With respect to value-added product comprising food grade hexane, we have now added pharma 
grade hexane of equal capacity and that has also reflected in our sales where products like hexane, 
MTO, lean butane have registered its highest volume of sales in this current year. 
With respect to RLNG and our commitment to net zero, RLNG consumption during the year FY 
2024-25, was 527 TMT as against 441 TMT in the previous year. It must also be highlighted here 
that the previous year was our best till date and much above earlier years. So, we look constantly at 
this space and based on our economics, we try to increase the RLNG quotient for overall profitability 
and environmental sustainability. 
During the financial year, we have processed almost 64% - 65% of high sulfur. Our long-term 
sourcing remains at around 55% - 60% and the remaining through spot and the opportunity crudes 
depending on individual economics, and we try to harness and increase them to keep profitability at 
the best. 
Pharma-grade hexane is a new product that we introduced during the year which gives us inroads 
into a new market altogether. 

--- page 5 ---
 Chennai Petroleum Corporation Limited 
 May 02, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 12 
We also did a trial run of SAF (sustainable aviation fuel). We will be one of the few players who 
will have an early role who has the possibility of an early rollout of SAF. 
Safety is critical in an industry like us. Again, we are happy to share that the zero-fire incident is 
continuously monitored & upgraded, and we continue to have it. Now, it is almost 1884 fire-free 
days as of March 31st, 2025. 
To summarize the physical performance, we are committed to develop new schemes on energy 
efficiency, take the fuel and loss reduction roadmap further lower and then develop enhanced 
production of value-added products as well going forward. 
Now, I turn to financial performance: 
The GRM for 2024-25 for a full year basis is $4.22 per barrel as compared to the previous year $8.64 
per barrel, but if you compare it to Singapore benchmark which was $3.79 per barrel in the current 
year, we have performed better . We all know that product cracks have reduced as compared to 
previous year in the international market, but our endeavor to better the benchmark continues. 
On Quarter 4, our GRM was $6.22 per barrel. Again, if I compare the previous year same quarter, it 
was $7.7 per barrel, but if I compare it to Singapore benchmark, which was only $3.1 per barrel. So, 
the efficiencies would be evident and when we go further, we will also explain where from these 
efficiencies are coming. 
We have been continuously achieving a premium GRM earnings over Singapore GRM and if you 
ask why it is coming, post our scheduled shutdown maintenance M&I, our refinery production has 
come back to better reliability and efficiency levels. 
Our fuel consumptions are at the lowest possible on incremental Quarter-on-Quarter basis. Fuel and 
losses are at the lowest possible and then efficiencies are to the max. 
When I turn to leverage position, the debt equity position as on March 31, 2025, is 0.39 compared 
to 0.32 in the previous year. At an absolute level, the debt stands at Rs. 3,100 crores as compared to 
Rs. 2,762 crores as on March 31, 2024. Net worth is at Rs. 7,939 crores as on March 31, 2025. 
With the above, the Board has also recommended a dividend of Rs. 5 per equity share that is 50% of 
face value for the current year and as we all know, this is subject to approval at AGM, which will 
happen in the due course. 
On the CAPEX front, in the current year, we have spent Rs. 673 crores as CAPEX for the current 
year. Our maintenance CAPEX remains Rs. 200-250 crore range, and the next year forecast also, we 
feel the CAPEX will be in that range. The maintenance CAPEX will be at around Rs. 200-250 crore 
range and depending on value added projects approvals, the actual will be a little different.  

--- page 6 ---
 Chennai Petroleum Corporation Limited 
 May 02, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 12 
On the Governance front: 
I am happy to share that we have successfully implemented the Information Security Management 
System, ISMS and certified for ISO 27001.2022 enhancing our system security robustness. The 
relevance of me pointing out this here is we are very aware that in the present systems beyond the 
normal safety of the plant, the system safety, cyber security are of importance and the company gives 
proper attention to that. 
Another highlighting factor on the Governance front I would like to highlight is CPCL started with 
the Integrated Reporting-Annual Report within the IR framework in FY 2022-23. Immediately in 
the next Financial Year 2023-24, we were among the select few who got it assured by an independent 
assurance provider. I am happy to share that now we are also part of the S&P Global ESG score and 
CPCL has achieved a score of 46 for the year 2024 which is well above the Indian average ESG 
score in this field. And the point that I would like to highlight is that this is a journey that we have 
started. Transparency in governance is one of our cornerstones and we will keep this momentum 
forward.  
Finally, the uncertainties due to volatility of crude prices do pose a challenge. Though these broader 
factors may drive volatility, we remain focused on things we control that is fuel efficiency, capacity 
utilisation and operating our refinery efficiently in a safe, reliable, and environmentally responsible 
manner and continue to focus on key metrics of controlling the operating cost as well as maintaining 
capital discipline by adhering to optimum return on value added and growth projects and thereby 
honouring our commitment to create long-term value for shareholders. 
To summarize, we continue to deliver resilient operational and financial performance and see the 
momentum to continue in the new financial year as well. 
Thank you once again. Now we are open for questions. 
Moderator: Thank you very much. We will now begin the question -and-answer session. The first question is 
from the line of Yogesh Patil from Dolat Capital. 
Yogesh Patil: Your GRM is premium to Singapore, is there any inventory gain during the quarter which help you 
to post the better GRM? 
Rohit Agrawala: Yes, the inventory gain is not very significant for the quarter. It is only $ 0.66 per barrel. And in 
absolute rupee terms, it is Rs. 125 crores only. But on an overall annual basis, the inventory would 
be a loss that is $ 0.06 per barrel, Rs. 40 crores in amount. 
Yogesh Patil: My second question, as you mentioned, your long-term crude sourcing is 55%-60%. Can you provide 
us some details from which countries you are getting a long-term crude sourcing and any discounts 
you receive from the same?  

--- page 7 ---
 Chennai Petroleum Corporation Limited 
 May 02, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 12 
Rohit Agrawala: Broadly, what is happening, we use in our long-term a lot of Basrah heavy, Basrah medium grade 
crude from IRAQ and then Arab grades from Saudi ARAMCO. The premium/discount is based on 
Official Selling Price (OSP) declared by the supplier monthly. Looking into our configuration we 
have optimised it on an overall economics angle also and these are the best suitable crudes for us and 
that is how we have kept them in our long-term basket. 
Yogesh Patil: Basrah is an Iraqi crude and generally Iraqi provides $2-$3 per barrel kind of discounts to the Indian 
crude market or general benchmarks, if I am not wrong, correct me. 
Rohit Agrawala: It may not be exactly same and they vary from month to month. But as I said, more than the discount, 
the type of crude suits us in our economics based on our configuration plays the significant role. That 
is how we have kept them in our long-term basket, and we prefer them considering the overall 
economics. 
Yogesh Patil: My third question is about the refinery expansion plans at Cauvery. Can you update us on the revised 
project cost, the completion, the commissioning timeline, and post-completion of this refinery 
project? How refinery product slates will change?  
Rohit Agrawala: Let me tell you about some updates on the project. On the CBR update, in the last year we revised 
the capital cost as well as the capital structure. The revised capital cost is at Rs. 36,354 crores with 
a 25:75 equity holding between CPCL and Indian oil respectively. The most important updates with 
respect to the project is now we have full custody of the land. So, about 600 acres, which was already 
with CPCL and another 600 acres, which was acquired in the process, both is in our possession and 
the pre-project activities of boundary wall construction, and all those things are almost at a big stage. 
We are awaiting CCEA approval, that process is on, and we expect it in few months. Some more 
updates will come in that respect. With respect to product slate, this new refinery had a 6% PP i.e. 
petrochemical index of 6%. Others were broadly in line with normal standard only. This did not have 
any NAPHTHA, or the slate did not have any NAPHTHA. That was on the product slate side. 
Yogesh Patil: 6% petrochemical index includes which petrochemical products, any broader idea on that term?  
Rohit Agrawala: PP, polypropylene. 
Yogesh Patil: Lastly, the post-completion of this refinery, what kind of debt levels or debt to equity levels we can 
expect? 
Rohit Agrawala: This is separate JV. So, the JV will have a separate debt equity and financials. Presently, we are 
working with a 2:1 debt equity for this JV. 
Yogesh Patil: Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Krishna Mundra from Dam Capital. 

--- page 8 ---
 Chennai Petroleum Corporation Limited 
 May 02, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 12 
Krishna Mundra: Can you highlight if there are any expansion plans in your existing refinery, whether in the form of 
expansion or petrochemical integration? 
Rohit Agrawala: So, because this is a very old refinery, a significant capacity expansion may not be on the radar 
immediately. But as you may be aware , multiple units exist within our refinery. There are lot of 
schemes with de-bottlenecking, which may improve the capacity. Though, in quantity terms it may 
not be much. But I would like to highlight one more thing, LOBS i.e. Lube Oil Based Stock, Group-
II and III, the proposal is at a very advanced stage on approval, wherein NAPHTHA and HSD will 
be upgraded to LOBS Group-II and III. This seems to be a very profitable project, and we are geared 
up. Based on approvals we can take up this project quickly. And that should be profit margin 
accretive. 
Krishna Mundra: In that context, can you highlight your CAPEX guidance for the next two years? And would that 
CAPEX guidance also include the earlier discussed LOBS project? 
Rohit Agrawala: The normal maintenance CAPEX for the next two years would be around Rs. 250 to Rs. 300 crores, 
maintenance CAPEX plus small regular CAPEX normally. And with this project, another Rs. 400 to 
Rs. 500 crores you can add for each of the year. So, without this project, about Rs. 300 crores per 
year. With this project, about Rs. 700 to Rs. 800 crores per year. 
Krishna Mundra: Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sumit from KPL. 
Sumit: A couple of questions here. One, when is the next major refinery maintenance scheduled? And what 
was the expense in the major maintenance that happened in September-October last year? 
Rohit Agrawala: In 2025, our refinery crude unit 1 which caters to lubes will go into maintenance around August, 
September. But yes, for more detail, I will ask Mr. Anil to talk about the current M&I, which 
happened in FY 24-25, which you asked as well as some details about this maintenance. 
Anil Sahni: Good evening. In 2024-25, we had a maintenance shutdown of one of our crude units. We have three 
crude units. One of our crude units and some important secondary units like Delayed Coker, FCC, 
etc., went for scheduled maintenance and that has been successfully completed. In the current 
financial year 2025-26, one of the other crude units will go for maintenance along with the lubes 
block as such. 
Sumit: Other question is, are there any plans to upgrade low-value products like pet coke to higher-value 
products? 
Rohit Agrawala: As we said, that is a journey we engage in continuously. Last year, we upgraded another capacity in 
terms of pharma grade hexane. Now, we are looking at SAF, again for premium. So, similarly, we 
have a few more products; but LOBS is at an advanced stage, and that is what I mentioned. But yes, 

--- page 9 ---
 Chennai Petroleum Corporation Limited 
 May 02, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 12 
as a refinery, we are continuously in work for various other value-added products which are in the 
fray. 
Sumit: And other question is regarding the dividends, like, is the inventory loss and the maintenance 
shutdown the only reasons why the dividend has come down so much? 
Rohit Agrawala: No, dividend has not come down because of maintenance shutdown or any other factor. Dividend 
has come down because of the profits. When we compare the last year profits and current year profits, 
there is a significant change. The primary reason is the international cracks. The cracks which were 
there at about close to $13 to $15 per barrel in HSD and other products has come down to 10 or sub-
10 level in the current year. And that is not a specific phenomenon with respect to CPCL. That is the 
industry phenomena which had happened. 
Sumit: Thank you.  
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Yash Nandwani from IIFL.  
Yash Nandwani: Sir, I am not sure if this was shared earlier. Could you please confirm the share of Russian crude in 
4th Quarter of FY25 and how it is trending in 1st Quarter of FY26?  
Rohit Agrawala:  I'll term it as an opportunity crude. And opportunity crude, I think on a full year basis was around 
30% not very significantly different from earlier years. But going forward, the opportunity crude 
basket may not change, but the composition of opportunity crude basket may change because now 
we are getting some good offers in other opportunity basket like US, African and others. So, because 
we have about 55%-60% term, that leaves us another 40%. And normally we keep around 30% (+/-
4% to 5%) for our opportunity crude evaluation. Depending on whatever crude is most beneficial in 
economics terms, suiting our technical requirement we optimize that type of crude. 
Yash Nandwani: Sir, also could you provide some color on the discounts on opportunity crude in 4th Quarter? 
Rohit Agrawala: On an annual basis, if you ask me, the average would be little less than $2 per barrel. In the last 
quarter, it would be less than $1 per barrel. But intermittently, there were $3- $4 per barrel also. And 
what is happening now, again that $1-$2 per barrel seems feasible with little bit of whatever we have 
done now in the current year. 
Yash Nandwani: So, current discounts are close to $2? 
Rohit Agrawala: Not on all, some of the time. At times we are getting even $ 0.5 per barrel; at times we are getting 
$1 per barrel. Even $2 per barrel is feasible. 
Yash Nandwani: Okay, thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nalin Shah from NVS Brokerage. 

--- page 10 ---
 Chennai Petroleum Corporation Limited 
 May 02, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 12 
Nalin Shah: First of all, I think the Q4 results were quite encouraging, but we just failed to understand that how 
do we actually project, once we look at FY’23-24 performance versus FY’24-25, it is a vast 
difference. So, we are unable to really understand. And as you mentioned that it is the cracks which 
decides the profitability of the company. So, if you can just give us some guideline that current year, 
how do we expect something on the FY’23-24 or it could be FY’24-25 kind of a situation?  
Rohit Agrawala: I will try my best and I will give you some broad guidelines, how to evaluate CPCL and how to 
project our earnings. So, one point, whatever I said, and you also reiterated is very true that what a 
refinery earns is the difference between crude and product prices internationally because our prices 
are at international parity prices. And normally people take HSD as a benchmark because that is 
almost close to 50% of the product slate. HSD, ATF, MS, these are three prominent products. And 
if international cracks are higher the profits will be much higher and if it is lower, the profit will be 
lower. The second factor, which is very important is M&I shutdown. If there are large M&I shutdown 
that much of product processing availability is under maintenance, that affects profitability. Plus, 
every M&I shutdown also involves startup and shutdown cost. So, the operating cost also remains 
little elevated. Now, if I compare the previous-to-previous year and last year for CPCL, in year 2023-
24 we ran into a full capacity, because the maintenance shutdown happens in a cycle of 3-5 years for 
a particular unit. There was no maintenance shutdown of any of the units in 2023-24 but in 2024-25, 
as CGM Technical Mr. Anil explained, we had few primary and few secondary units which went on 
maintenance shutdown that affects efficiency and availability of processing and availability of 
product. Now, when you look forward 2025-26, the impact of shutdown that will happen in the 
current year is lower than that in the previous year. There is one unit shutdown, one primary unit. If 
you make a single index, it will be lower than what happened last year. So, you can expect a 
throughput which is higher than last year on the operational part. On the pricing part we started April 
in a muted fashion in line with Q4 or March, something like that. May’25 prices seem to be better 
than April’25. But on the pricing, the volatility is so high. Every month it is changing drastically. 
And every $1-$2 of crack impacts the profit because there is a constant operating cost. So, I think 
taking a guess on the cracks will not be feasible. But yes, on the operational side, we intend to 
improve further on a capacity utilisation levels,  on energy intensity index and fuel efficiency, we 
would improve on a continuous basis. 
Nalin Shah: Thank you very much. It was a wonderful explanation. And one more question I have is that since 
you are going in for a JV company with a huge new refinery, is it that you will be able to offer some 
kind of opportunity by way of a rights issue or otherwise to the shareholders of CPCL? 
Rohit Agrawala: At this stage, no decision has been taken. But as you know, when we are finalizing the equity part, 
there will be multiple options which will be evaluated. 
Nalin Shah: Yes, whether any participation, we will be able to participate through a right issue of CPCL or 
anything. 

--- page 11 ---
 Chennai Petroleum Corporation Limited 
 May 02, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 12 
Rohit Agrawala: At this point of time, we have decided the debt equity at 2:1, but all these are tentative. Closer to the 
event, we will take all capital structure-related decisions. We have not firmed up anything as of now. 
But any decision that is in the interest of the shareholders would be taken-up and communicated. 
Nalin Shah: Sir, what is the final estimate of the refinery’s capacity and the cost structure? 
Rohit Agrawala: The new refinery capital cost is Rs 36,000 Crore approximately, 9 million metric ton capacity and 
petrochemical intensity of 6% and which is PP, polypropylene. 
Nalin Shah: Thank you very much. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Achal Shah from Ambit Capital. 
Achal Shah: As you said about the 30% sourcing from alternative sources like where we are getting discounts, 
how much of that is Russian and how much is from other parts? Can you give a breakup of that? 
Opportunity crude sir. 
Rohit Agrawala: Opportunity crudes in the past two years are predominantly represented by Russian crudes and since 
we have the capability to process more than 150 grades of crudes broadly consisting of various 
regions like West Africa, US and other crudes from middle east this may vary depending on overall 
economics. 
Achal Shah: Following up, the average discount for this opportunity crude will range in what $3 to $4. 
Rohit Agrawala: Last year, that is the Financial Year’24-25, the average was around $1.5-$2. But it has gone to a high 
of $3-$4 and to a low of less than $1 also. 
Achal Shah: Thanks for your reply. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Harshraj Aggarwal from YES Securities. 
Harshraj Aggarwal: We are present in the southern market, and we are aware that the market is in the shortfall. If you 
could cover some part of it, what is the shortfall and how it is going to pan out in the next few years 
given the demand is growing. 
Rohit Agrawala: I will tell you something which is very clear and crisp. MS in southern market, there is a clear 
shortfall so, the production is less than demand. It is close to about 20 TMT per month. So, that is 
how, if you see in CPCL strategy whatever little flexibility is there, we have continuously tried to 
increase MS, so that we can take advantage of the demand scenarios and we can increase our margins. 
As far as others are concerned, we have seen the southern market to be mostly aligned to the national 
growth projection. Like MS, they are projecting 6% and here we see around 4%-5%. HSD we see at 
3% growth forecast, as against 2.5% odd here. So, in others we do not see much of a difference. But 
yes, in MS products are moving from other market to here. So, that is how we have made constant 

--- page 12 ---
 Chennai Petroleum Corporation Limited 
 May 02, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 12 
effort to increase our production of MS where-ever there is growth opportunity as well as the product 
is in shortfall in the region. 
Harshraj Aggarwal: I have another question is on the RLNG piece. So, we are consuming RLNG as a feedstock. So, at 
what prices are they viable versus the alternative fuel like FO or NAPHTHA?  
Rohit Agrawala: I am happy to share with you, we do not consume RLNG as compulsion. So, if you have seen 2 years 
before, whatever was RLNG consumption, almost we have doubled in 2 years. We have kept dual 
feed system in most of our operations. Our compulsion is very minimal. It is based on economics, 
period to period basis. Cost of the feed, alternative feed, export realisation and the net cost, delivered 
cost of RLNG these determine our RLNG consumption. So, if I have increased more, it means we 
have felt this is beneficial on economics angle. Also, we need to keep in mind that close to our coast, 
is a RLNG terminal and we are connected to it directly through pipelines. The southern coast is close 
to the international sea route so, all those advantages accrue to us when we account for our RLNG 
delivered cost. 
Harshraj Aggarwal: One last question, I wanted to understand your view on the defining market now. We have some 
shutdowns, some capacity reduction, some capacity is going out. And in the Indian scenario, you 
have seen lot of capacity that is coming up. You have a HPCL Rajasthan refinery; you have 
expansion at IOCL. So, how do you see that market panning out over the next two years, the domestic 
one and the global in terms of the cracks? 
Rohit Agrawala: Let me start with the domestic market first. As you have yourself said, no capacity is coming 
immediately. Maybe it will span over 2 years, or little after that, those capacity will come up. All 
these capacities are based on the demand, the foregoing demand. So, capacities are coming in line 
with demand, and they will not come immediately, they will come after two years. And with respect 
to short-term shutdowns and all, the kind of monthly fluctuation that happens in GRM and others are 
based on short-term demand supply gaps. Short-term demand supply gaps do take care into short-
term surplus or deficit of product. Internationally also, though there are some capacities that are 
coming in Africa predominantly, but there may be some other capacities that will go off in some of 
the developed countries. So, again I will say when people put up large capacities, long-term 
investment, it is based on long-term demand projection. And long-term demand projection for the 
last some time is closely watched. So, I feel that it may not have a significant impact on immediate 
or near immediate or mid-term, medium-term, with respect to margins or GRM. But yes, margins 
and GRMs are not affected by a single factor, that is affected by multiple factors which change 
swiftly even within a short gap. 
Harshraj Aggarwal: Thank you, sir. That was all the questions we had. I think, if anything, you want to summarize for 
the participants. 
Rohit Agrawala: I think it was very interactive. The only thing I will tell is that CPCL refinery is perhaps one of the 
most complex refineries in India. It is the only refinery which has liquid fuel, which has LOBS based 
stock and wax. And because of our uniqueness, we have some easiness where we are able to come 

--- page 13 ---
 Chennai Petroleum Corporation Limited 
 May 02, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 12 
up with new products quickly. Our team is well-connected with other research institutes, and we 
look forward to new product development. And operationally for the last 3-4 years we have taken a 
path of aggressive improvement in efficiency levels . Otherwise, you will not find out where in a 
short span of 2-3 years, the fuel & loss will come down by 1% to 2% kind of stuff. But yes, because 
we have taken an aggressive stand, we have been continuously improving. That is how these 
parameters are achieved. Our team is highly motivated, and they will continue to contribute their 
best in their respective domain to improve the operational excellence further. 
Moderator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of YES Securities, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us.  