

--- page 1 ---
MULTI COMMODITY EXCHANGE OF INDIA LTD. 
EXCHANGE SQUARE, SUREN ROAD, ANDHERI (EAST), MUMBAI 400 093, INDIA. TEL: +91-22-6731 8888, FAX: +91-22-66494151, www.mcxindia.c om 
CIN: L51909MH2002PLC135594, info@mcxindia.com
 
MCX/SEC/2589  November 11, 2025 
BSE Limited 
Department of Corporate Services 
PJ Towers, Dalal Street, 
Mumbai - 400 001. 
Ref: Scrip code: 534091 Scrip ID: MCX 
Subject:  Transcript of the “Earnings Conference Call” with investor (s)/analyst(s) on Q2 
FY-2026 results. 
Dear Sir, 
Please find enclosed herewith transcript  of the “Earnings Conference Call” with 
investor(s)/analyst(s) held on Friday, November  07, 2025, at 16.00 p.m. (IST) on Q2 FY-2026 
results. 
The said transcript is also uploaded on the website of the Company at 
https://www.mcxindia.com/investor-relations/ir-meetings 
Further, we hereby 
confirm that no unpublished price sensitive information was shared/discussed 
during the said earnings call. 
Kindly take the same on record and acknowledge receipt. 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For Multi Commodity Exchange of India Limited 
Manisha Thakur 
C
ompany Secretary 
Encl.: As above 

--- page 2 ---
 
Page 1 of 19 
 
 
 
 
 
 
“Multi Commodity Exchange of India Limited 
Q2 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call” 
November 07, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Disclaimer: This transcript is provided without express or implied warranties of any kind and should be read in conjunction w ith the 
accompanying materials published by the company. The information contained in the transcript is a textual representation of t he 
company’s event and while efforts are made to provide an accurate transcription, there may be material errors, omissions, or 
inaccuracies in the reporting of the substance of the event. The transcript has been edited wherever required for clarity, co rrectness 
of data or transcription error. This document may contain “forward -looking statements” – that is, statements related to future, not 
past, events. In this context, forward looking statements often address our expected future business and financial performanc e, 
often contain words such as “expects”, “anticipates, “intends”, “plans”, “believes”, “seeks”, “should” or “will”. Forward -looking 
statements by their nature address matters that are, to different degrees, uncertain. These uncertainties may cause our actua l 
results to be materially different that those expressed in our forward -looking statements. We do not undertake to update our 
forward-looking statements. 
 


--- page 3 ---
       
Multi Commodity Exchange of India Limited  
Q2 FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
November 07, 2025 
 
 
Page 2 of 19 
 
Public 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
                
 
MANAGEMENT:     
MS. PRAVEENA RAI – MANAGING DIRECTOR AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER  
MR. MANOJ JAIN – CHIEF OPERATING OFFICER  
MR. CHANDRESH SHAH – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER  
MR. RISHI NATHANY – CHIEF BUSINESS OFFICER  
MR. PRAVEEN DG – CHIEF RISK OFFICER  
 
 


--- page 4 ---
       
Multi Commodity Exchange of India Limited  
Q2 FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
November 07, 2025 
 
 
Page 3 of 19 
 
Public 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Multi Commodity Exchange of 
India Limited Q2 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call. Joining us on the call today are Ms. 
Praveena Rai, Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer, MCX; Mr. Manoj Jain, 
Chief Operating Officer, MCX; Mr. Chandresh Shah, Chief Financial Officer, MCX; Mr.  
Praveen DG, Chief Risk Officer, MCX; and Mr. Rishi Nathany, Chief Business Officer, 
MCX. 
 As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen -only mode and there will be 
an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing 
star then zero on your touch -tone phone Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. 
 I now hand the conference over to Ms. Praveena Rai, MD and CEO, MCX.  Thank you, 
and over to you, ma'am. 
Praveena Rai: Thank you very much. Good evening, everybody. A very warm welcome to our 
quarterly earnings call. We have released our results as of end of day yesterday and 
very happy that MCX continues to deliver strong operational and financial results. 
During the quarter ending FY26, the second quarter, our consolidated total revenue 
stood at INR401 crores, which is a growth of 29% over same quarter last year. 
 Our EBITDA increased to INR270 crores by 32% and profit after tax grew also by 29% 
to INR197 crores. Now this quarter witnessed good market activity. And overall, our 
ADT has risen to INR4.11 lakh crores. You will recollect that last year, our ADT was 
INR2.02 lakh crores. So that's a very healthy growth in the actual market activity that 
we see, a reflection of continued confidence as well as participation across 
stakeholders. 
 On specific business level actions, we have focused on executing on the plans we've 
discussed before, our product launches, where further variants in the bullion sector 
were launched. With market feedback, it was identified that the monthly options on 
silver, the main contract of 30 kg as well as the mini 5 kg contract, both of these 
were launched. And fresh future contracts were launched in cardamom as well as in 
Nickel. Nickel was a contract that has been traded on the exchange earlier, but this 

--- page 5 ---
       
Multi Commodity Exchange of India Limited  
Q2 FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
November 07, 2025 
 
 
Page 4 of 19 
 
Public 
was sort of a launch with product nuances that were revised based on market 
feedback and regulatory approvals and then launched. The MCX BULLDEX has also 
been launched in the month of October. 
 We are committed to enhancing our technology infrastructure. We will continue to 
expand our product suite as well as deepen our market participation. All of this will 
reinforce MCX position as the commodity derivative exchange for India. 
 Now as you may be aware, on 28th of October, Tuesday, there was a technical issue 
at the exchange. We opened trading at 1:25 p.m.  after shifting to the disaster 
recovery site. This primary root cause was a pre -defined parameter limit relating to 
reference data, like the unique client code, which is configured within the systems. 
So, this led to certain constraints beyond the threshold. And we have taken all steps 
to address these constraints and prevent similar issues from happening. The trading 
systems have not had any issues in the past, and this appears as a one -off, and we 
will continue to have a strong focus and resolution mechanism around this. 
 The exchange systems are well -positioned to support the market volumes and the 
growth that we foresee. We want to extend our gratitude to all stakeholders, 
member brokers, vendors, partners who have supported us through this incident, as 
well as across the entire quarter for their unwavering support for MCX as well as the 
support we've received from regulators when it comes to driving commodity 
markets in India. 
 With this, I'd like to conclude my remarks and look forward to taking any questions 
and discussing further. 
Moderator: First question is from the line of Devesh Agarwal from IIFL Capital. Please go ahead. 
Devesh Agarwal: Thank you for the opportunity, everyone, and c ongratulations on  a good set of 
numbers. My first question is continuing on the tech issue. So, could you help us, 
one, understand better what exactly was the issue that happened and whether it 
was a platform problem? It was from the TCS side or whether it was an operational 
challenge that we faced  and what exactly have we taken -- steps taken to rectify 
that? And is the trading now moved back to the main site? 

--- page 6 ---
       
Multi Commodity Exchange of India Limited  
Q2 FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
November 07, 2025 
 
 
Page 5 of 19 
 
Public 
Praveena Rai: Yes. So, I'll first confirm that the trading has moved back to the main site. During the 
course of that week, we did not want to make a move back to the main site, just 
given the situation that had happened, but that weekend, the system moved back, 
and everything is back to normal. Now the root cause, I think we've defined but let 
me try to explain it a little bit more. So, it is a predefined parameter limit, which was 
there in the gateway services.  And this pertains to certain files, which include the 
configuration of things like the UCC. This crossed a particular limit that night 
because of which the threshold started becoming active. And with that threshold 
active, the gateway services were not able to get fully enabled. 
 And because this is a predefined parameter, the same parameter continued to hold 
good in the DR site also, even though the immediate action to move to DR was 
taken, the same key issue emerged, and there had to be certain steps taken to find 
it, resolve it, address it and then run the process to start trading for the day, which 
tends to be a process with a few steps. And all of this together is what took that time 
before we opened up for trading. 
 So, this is what we have. And since we identified the problem that day and after 
that, we went through a root cause analysis, which we confirmed, the issue, we have 
also taken steps to make sure this problem is addressed in the system  and then this 
has been brought back into operating from the main site. So, the issue has been 
resolved on both our main data centre as well as our DR site. 
Devesh Agarwal: Right, ma'am. And the fact that this has happened the second time, the technical 
glitch that on our platform in a gap of 4 months, did you have any discussion with 
the SEBI and any sense that you can share with us what is the view that SEBI is 
taking? Are we expecting any penal order from them? Where are the dialogues with 
SEBI in this regard? 
Praveena Rai: Yes. So of course, the first incident was pertaining to the clearing corporation, and 
this pertains to trading, the clearing systems and the trading systems. So yes,  two 
different systems, though they did impact our market operation. So, there are 
standard processes followed in the way we need to adhere to updates and analysis 
working with SEBI and all of that is currently under progress. 

--- page 7 ---
       
Multi Commodity Exchange of India Limited  
Q2 FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
November 07, 2025 
 
 
Page 6 of 19 
 
Public 
 Till that process is completed, it will be speculative to make any note or take a view 
on how this will go.  I think we are confident about where we are, and this is the 
message that we'd like to give forward. 
Devesh Agarwal: Sure, ma'am. Sure. And one last one, ma'am. You recently launched the BULLDEX 
index options on 27th of October. So just, one, wanted to know, in this particular 
contract, FPIs are allowed to participate, right? 
Praveena Rai: I think Rishi will come in on that. 
Rishi Nathany: Yes. So as of now, FPIs are not allowed to participate in any contract where the 
underlying is not cash -settled. So, because the underlying of the BULLDEX is gold 1 
kg and silver 30 kgs, FPIs are not allowed to participate in BULLDEX options as of 
now. 
Devesh Agarwal: Understood. And any expectation as to how are you seeing the volume build  up in 
this particular contract? 
Rishi Nathany: It's very early at present. It's just been 10 days since launch. So, any contract takes 
time to build up, and we are very confident that the contract will continue to grow. 
Praveena Rai: Yes. I think the index options is something we've been awaiting for a long time. I 
think this launch was eagerly awaited, and it has happened now. So, we are very 
optimistic about the launch. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Prayesh Jain from Motilal Oswal. 
Prayesh Jain: Just any update on the base metal front with respect to the delivery centre issue or 
the sorting out of delivery centre and how do you trying to plan to scale this 
segment, which has been kind of weak for a pretty long period of time? That will be 
my first question. 
Praveena Rai: On base metals -- sorry, your question was not clear. Are you asking what are the 
steps we are taking on base metals? 
Prayesh Jain:                  Yes. And we were thinking about consolidating the delivery centres, right, the  
 
         

--- page 8 ---
       
Multi Commodity Exchange of India Limited  
Q2 FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
November 07, 2025 
 
 
Page 7 of 19 
 
Public 
                                           number of delivery centres on base metal. Is that something which is there on the    
                                           cards and where are we with respect to it? 
Praveena Rai: Yes. So, we have done that. We have launched, in fact, Nickel only at one 
warehouse. We've consolidated Copper at only one warehouse now. That becomes 
active from the December contract.  As far as the others are concerned, there has 
also been further consolidation. There has been in Aluminium, we are at 3 centres. 
Zinc has also been reviewed. So, it's a continuous process. We've looked at data on 
where deliveries have taken place.  We've looked at  and engaged with market 
participants on where they have a requirement. And based on that, this 
consolidation is taking place. We also don't want to do sort of -- take all actions in 
one go. So, it will be sort of a phase-wise action here. 
Prayesh Jain: Got that. And interaction last time, I think had suggested that you will be kind of 
reaching out to the participants for increasing volumes on base metals. Where are 
we with respect to it? And how much engagement has happened there? 
Rishi Nathany: So, this is an ongoing process. But for base metals, we are reaching out to various 
participants. If you see that Copper from the December contract is becoming a single 
delivery centre. And as our MD was saying that -- we don't want to do everything at 
once. So, we are taking one step at a time. 
 And if you see that there's been a pretty decent uptick in both Copper futures 
volumes as well as Copper options volumes. So, we are very hopeful that with 
Copper as a test case and with a single delivery centre, if we can get that traction, 
then we can look at other contracts as well. So, the process of reaching out to 
market participants is always on. 
Prayesh Jain: Got that. Got that. And the other question is we've launched the BULLDEX, and -- so 
what are the plans to launch other index options and anywhere with respect to , 
have we filed the products or where are we? So apart from that, which other 
products can we expect in the next 1 year or so? 
Praveena Rai: So, we have a pipeline. I think the pipeline is -- requires approvals. It requires a 
certain process at our end before we are in a position to announce it. But I think we 
spoke about it last time also. We have a healthy pipeline of commodities, which we 

--- page 9 ---
       
Multi Commodity Exchange of India Limited  
Q2 FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
November 07, 2025 
 
 
Page 8 of 19 
 
Public 
believe meets requirements of scale, volatility, need for the Indian market.  And this 
will be something that will start coming into play as our own processes get 
completed, and then we'll be able to announce timelines for that. 
Prayesh Jain: Okay. Just on the BULLDEX contract, these devolve into futures , options and 
eventually, the customer has to buy the physical delivery of his open positions? 
Rishi Nathany: No. BULLDEX options do not devolve. BULLDEX options are cash-settled. They will be 
settled at the price of the option on the last trading day. There is no devolvement of 
BULLDEX options into BULLDEX futures or the underlying gold and silver futures. 
Prayesh Jain: So, then FPIs can participate in BULLDEX options? 
Rishi Nathany: No, they cannot at present because the guidelines do not permit them. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Amit Chandra from HDFC Securities. 
Amit Chandra: My first question is on the rise that we have seen in the Bullion options. This rise has 
come particularly after the change in the expiry from bimonthly to monthly and also 
a lot of volatility in the underlying prices. So how do I attribute this to -- is it because 
of -- only because of the price volatility? Or is it because of the change in expiry? 
And also, what is the sustainability of this? Plus, in terms of the normalized premium 
to notional, how do we see the premium to notional for the gold and silver 
contracts? Plus, in terms of the participation, how has the participation in these new 
contracts been different from the earlier like crude and natural gas contracts that 
we have? 
Rishi Nathany: So, if you see, you've asked 3 questions. One is that while we have seen increasing 
participation in volumes in the gold and silver contracts, you cannot attribute it to 
any one specific reason. It is always a combination of various factors which propel 
contracts to do better. And of course, there's been volatility. There's been 
heightened interest in these contracts, we made them monthly.  So, it's a 
combination of all these factors.  
Now when you talk about notional -- premium to notional, ideally, if one makes a 
bimonthly contract into a monthly contract, the premium should halve, if you take it 

--- page 10 ---
       
Multi Commodity Exchange of India Limited  
Q2 FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
November 07, 2025 
 
 
Page 9 of 19 
 
Public 
theoretically. But our overall premiums have risen after making this move. So, it has 
been a beneficial move in that sense.  
What was your last question? 
Amit Chandra: In terms of the participation, how it has been different because it's more retail 
driven or it's more prop or who are participating in these option contracts? Is it very 
different from what we have in the past? 
Rishi Nathany: It's not very different because we have a very wonderful mix of physical market 
participants, hedgers, investors, retail participants, HNIs, ultra HNIs, corporates, and 
of course, the entire jewellery community. So, it has just increased that -- due to this 
launch, and that is why we are seeing this kind of participation. Of course, volatility 
and price movements, of course, also have a large role to play. 
Amit Chandra: Okay. And the second question is on the launch of the bullion like index options. So, 
in that, you obviously said that FPIs are not allowed, but being a cash -settled 
contract, but it was supposed to attract a lot of interest because of the nature of 
being cash -settled. Do we also need to do any market making in this contract to 
scale it to a certain level? Or is it going to rise based on the natural growth or the 
participation that we're expecting on that? 
Rishi Nathany: Yes. So, before any contract when you launch, I mean it would not start exploding 
from day one. We expect that since we have not brought in market making, it will be 
organic growth. And this organic growth will be visible as we go ahead. 
Amit Chandra: Okay. And my last question would be on the technical issue that we had. Obviously, 
you have explained the reason for that. But in terms of the medium  to long-term 
implications of the issues that we are having, it's more on a frequent basis. Do we 
need to strengthen further our investments in the technology?  And can we see 
some more steep increase in the technology cost and also in terms of capex? 
Praveena Rai: We have already planned investments in technology because at the growth rate that 
we have and what we have seen and what we are forecasting, we do expect that 
technology is not going to be a sort of a static platform. It will require continuous 
upgrades, doing this in a manner efficiently and making sure that capacity is up to 

--- page 11 ---
       
Multi Commodity Exchange of India Limited  
Q2 FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
November 07, 2025 
 
 
Page 10 of 19 
 
Public 
mark with forecasted volumes and requirements is something that has already been 
work in progress and will continue to be. So yes, we will track to that plan of ours.  
We are not expecting anything very significant over and above that because this is 
already accounted for.  
As I pointed out, the trading issue, the trading platform has been a stable one, this 
constraint notwithstanding, which we are addressing.  The other upgrades and 
requirements that are there as part of the growth of volume will continue to take 
place. 
Moderator: Next question is from the line of Niranjan Kumar from Avendus Spark. 
Niranjan Kumar: So, during October '25, the margin requirements for the gold and silver F&O 
contracts were increased in 2 phases, right? So, can we expect this to go to previous 
level once the prices in these commodities cool off?  That's question number one. 
And another question is like you have clearly explained why there was a technical 
glitch. But can this have any impact on the future new product launch approvals 
from the regulator? 
Praveena Rai: Yes. So, when it comes to margins, I think the situation on bullion and specifically on 
silver was something that we watched and tracked very closely while it was playing 
out, especially in the pre -Diwali festive season. On the back of what we saw in 
market, some unexpected backwardation where Indian markets also reflected the 
global markets. We took some urgent actions.  
We also made sure that our actions, I wouldn't say made sure, but we also reflected 
on actions that we saw in the global space in terms of how price movements were 
playing out as well as margin movements and so on in the global exchanges. 
 And I think our actions have helped and the situation has remained well under 
control. And of course, overall macro environment is also stabilizing now. So, we will 
keep a track on this. We are watching all our -- not just volatility, open positions and 
so on and so forth. And we'll rationalize at the suitable time. 
Niranjan Kumar: Ma'am, also the impact on the -- like the technical glitch, will it have any impact 
for... 

--- page 12 ---
       
Multi Commodity Exchange of India Limited  
Q2 FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
November 07, 2025 
 
 
Page 11 of 19 
 
Public 
Praveena Rai: Yes. No… So we have whatever product approvals we require are in place. And new 
products are as per what is approved under the commodity list of SEBI. So, at this 
stage, I think processes are being followed as always. 
Niranjan Kumar: Okay, ma'am. And like equity markets, are there any plans to launch weekly expiry 
option contracts as well? And also in equity markets, like a significant growth in 
index options was driven by retail investors. So, can we expect the same on the MCX 
platform, too? That's it from my side, ma'am. 
Praveena Rai: In terms of MCX entering new segments, I don't think we can really comment on 
that. When it comes to weekly options, of course, we are also watching the space. 
And as we see the sort of perspective on weekly options, what will be the 
implication for both equity and commodities, I think , will be something that we'll all 
see as we move forward. But it is something that is on the radar for us. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Lavanya T. 
Lavanya T: Ma'am, thanks for the update on tech issue and I think we prefer not to speculate 
on the regulatory impact. But I just wanted to understand if there is any existing 
regulation or guideline which can give us a sense on what could be the maximum 
potential impact or penalty, if in case MCX had to face? 
Praveena Rai: No, the circulars are all in public domain. I think there's also been a lot of intense 
media coverage on them. So those speculative details are well aware, but it will be 
inappropriate to term where the situation stands in the broader scheme of things 
with respect to those various rules and guidelines. So, I think we'll have to let the 
process play out to get to the bottom of this before we can actually see where th is 
situation will end. 
Lavanya T: Got it. Got it. Also, just on -- earlier some time back, regulator spoke about potential 
improvement in participation on the commodity exchange, specific -- I mean, if you 
could help us understand a bit more in detail what can be done in domestic 
institutional participation side. So, which kind of regulations or what can be done to 
improve domestic institutional participation on MCX? 

--- page 13 ---
       
Multi Commodity Exchange of India Limited  
Q2 FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
November 07, 2025 
 
 
Page 12 of 19 
 
Public 
Praveena Rai: Yes. So, I think we are looking at improved participation across various parameters. 
I'm just going to request Rishi to take that, then I'll add on. 
Rishi Nathany: Sure. So, we are seeing heightened interest and participation from domestic mutual 
funds. There's also participation from AIFs. PMS is an area where we would like to 
see more participation. So overall, we are seeing growing domestic participation. 
 And in terms of membership also, if you see this year, we've already added 17 new 
members. So, in that sense, there's a very healthy -- and we have a healthy pipeline 
of more members coming in. So, there is a lot of interest for people to be 
participating in commodities. 
Praveena Rai: So, I think you will also notice that a number of mutual funds have now opened 
themselves up to the multi -asset fund schemes. So , that really is a very focused 
effort from our side because then it opens up the ability for commodities to be part 
of the fund. And we expect many -- I think we are aware of some in pipeline, and 
you will see those launches happen in market in the coming months. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Raj Goenka from VJ Capital. 
Raj Goenka: Ma'am, just one question I had is, how do I look into this? Because last quarter, if 
you see the commodity prices, especially the bullion prices were very volatile. But if 
you see sequentially, we don't have any kind of much growth. So how should I -- is 
there a lack of participation? Or what is it, please? Just this one question. 
Praveena Rai: So, I think we are -- we had a good push -- growth that we saw in the first quarter of 
the year. We grew nearly by 33% over the previous quarter. This was driven by 
certainly some macro indicators along with whatever that , we were driving from a 
business standpoint. This month, we have seen this number to be flat.  And I think 
it's a broader reflection of where the 2 quarters need to be seen hand-in-hand, even 
though the underlying drivers, the participation, the members, the ADT and so on 
has been increasing. 
 And certainly, we've seen growth in bullion. Bullion does have a slightly lower 
premium ratio, which is reflective of the way the product operates. And that is also 
reflecting in this, a little flat growth that you see. 

--- page 14 ---
       
Multi Commodity Exchange of India Limited  
Q2 FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
November 07, 2025 
 
 
Page 13 of 19 
 
Public 
Raj Goenka: And any -- we are making any kind of engagement with probably the brokers or the 
participant... 
Moderator: Sorry to interrupt you, Mr. Goenka. May we request you to please speak a bit 
louder. We cannot hear you clearly. 
Raj Goenka: I just wanted to find out one more ma'am. Anything we are doing to increase this 
participation? 
Praveena Rai: Yes, yes, of course. I think everything we are talking about is what our business 
teams are doing, right? So, when we look at number of members and FPIs coming on 
board, domestic institutions coming on board, more commercial participants coming 
on board. All of these are very strong business actions in market. Our teams are 
there on the ground working on all of this. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Bhavya Sanghvi from Alchemy Capital. I'm sorry 
to interrupt you, Bhavya, we cannot hear you. Your voice is breaking. Can you please 
check? 
Bhavya Sanghvi: Yes. So, ma'am, just one question. Could you give us the breakup of revenue? 
Chandresh Shah: You're saying futures and options? 
Bhavya Sanghvi: Yes, yes. 
Chandresh Shah: So, for Q2, revenue from futures was INR114 crores and options, it was INR223 
crores. 
Bhavya Sanghvi: Got it. And also, could you help us with transaction charges, membership fees and 
float income? 
Chandresh Shah: So that is all part of the income numbers that we have presented. Beyond this, we 
will not be able to give breakup. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Deepak Ajmera from Family Office. 
Deepak Ajmera: Congratulation on successful product launches. First question is on the electricity 
derivative market share. Is there any natural edge that NSE has because of which the 

--- page 15 ---
       
Multi Commodity Exchange of India Limited  
Q2 FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
November 07, 2025 
 
 
Page 14 of 19 
 
Public 
market share is higher despite being an equity exchange? Second question is on the 
co-location. What is the development? 
 How regulator and exchange is progressing on the co -location side? And third one is 
a suggestion on the Diamond Pass, which we last quarter also suggested that my 
team member took 15 minutes waiting for -- to connect this call. So that can be 
saved. 
Chandresh Shah: Diamond Pass is something we'll have to subscribe. We'll check that. 
Praveena Rai: Okay. Okay. So, the last point is, I think, an administrative point. Sorry that you had 
to wait. We'll see how best we can address that.  Your point on electricity contract, 
the electricity contract is -- has picked up quite well. We are doing about INR34 
crores of ADT, average traded lots of about 2,000 lots plus, with a very healthy open 
interest position buildup of 1,130 lots plus. Now here, we are looking at also 
distributed participation. We have more than 80 members who participated, a few 
hundred of UCCs that is participa nts who are actually trading and a very healthy 
momentum of commercial participants coming on board. It's a new contract, still 
young, just in the range of about 3 months. 
 I think we have also seen an extended monsoon. So of course, this parameter 
impacts some of the volatility and price considerations. Otherwise, we expected to 
see even recent numbers to be a little higher than this. 
 When it comes to competition, I think I won't be able to comment what exactly is 
happening there, but we do see the healthy participation, the number of members, 
the broader trades that happen over the course of trading time and our contract 
design, which has been done taking into consideration the needs of the market. All 
of these are very much what the market needs, and this is something we've gone 
back to industry and reconfirmed. So, I think we are quite confident where we stand 
on this. 
Deepak Ajmera: Yes. On co-location... 
Praveena Rai: Okay, okay. On co -lo, again, we won't be able to comment. As you know, it's not 
regulatory permitted. So, not something that we'll be able to really say anything on. 

--- page 16 ---
       
Multi Commodity Exchange of India Limited  
Q2 FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
November 07, 2025 
 
 
Page 15 of 19 
 
Public 
Deepak Ajmera: Yes. Is that we should expect not in near future, means maybe long term, is that 
regulator and exchange is aligned towards allowing the co -location or that is not 
going to happen in the commodity exchange? 
Praveena Rai: Not really to expect. Deepak, I think we should not -- I wouldn't want to either 
comment on it or speculate on it. But yes, let's leave it at that. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Devesh Agarwal from IIFL Capital. 
Devesh Agarwal: Two questions I wanted to ask. First, with the increased activity that we saw in the 
bullion segment in the month of October, what would be the expectation on the SGF 
contribution? Are we -- should we expect a significantly higher SGF contribution for 
the third quarter? 
Chandresh Shah: So, Devesh, there has been some contribution, which we had to do in this quarter, I 
mean, in the month of October, and that is already there , reflected in the numbers, 
which are uploaded on the website. You can have a look at that. 
Devesh Agarwal: Okay, sure. And lastly, recently, G roww mentioned, G roww MF , that they very 
recently had started the commodity trading on their platform. So -- and they are one 
of the largest retail brokers. So, what I wanted to know is, are there more brokers 
who aren't currently offering commodity trading on their platform? If you can 
identify those, the relevant ones?  And if there are, what are we doing to engage 
with them to enable the commodity trading on their platform? 
Rishi Nathany: So, Devesh, as I told, we've got 17 new members this year, and there are many more 
in the pipeline. Of course, there are a lot of members who are there on the equity 
segments, but maybe not on the commodity segments. And we are constantly 
reaching out to them, and that is how we have a healthy pipeline and conversions of 
new members into the system. So, we believe that this would , going forward also , 
continue to grow, and we should add more members as we go forward. 
Devesh Agarwal: Sir, would you be able to call out of the top 10 brokers by active clients, which NSE 
reports, how many would also be participating on MCX? 
Rishi Nathany: I cannot name any specific member by name. So, I don't know... 

--- page 17 ---
       
Multi Commodity Exchange of India Limited  
Q2 FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
November 07, 2025 
 
 
Page 16 of 19 
 
Public 
Devesh Agarwal: Like 3, 4, 7, 8, not the names, just the number. All 10 are participating. 
Rishi Nathany: More or less, it would be similar. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Manoj Bhargav, an individual investor. 
Manoj Bhargav: Yes. Well, I'm actually a long -term investor. We are a family office, and I'm not 
interested in quarter -on-quarter or year -on-year. What I am interested in knowing 
is, I know very well that MCX is at a very nascent stage. It's just sort of taking off. 
As I see the commodity exchanges around the world are very vibrant as compared to 
the equity exchanges, should we expect with MCX going forward, let's say, a vision 
of 4 to 5 years in a similar sort of trajectory? 
Rishi Nathany: So, Manoj, just to answer your question, commodity markets globally are -- maybe 
the leading ones , are more than a century old. In India, commodity markets have 
just started in the early 2000s. So, we are just roughly 22 years old, whereas equity 
markets in India, again, are more than a century old. So, we are playing catch up.  
And looking at the speed of growth, which we are seeing and it's visible to you as 
well, I'm sure we'll get there.  When? I cannot tell you because it depends on the 
market as to how fast we grow.  
Manoj Bhargav: Yes. But the trajectory definitely looks positive, looks optimistic. I mean, what I hear, 
what I've heard all your comments, I mean, it definitely sounds promising. Is that 
how you see it? 
Rishi Nathany: We are all for delivering growth, and it's up to you to see whether we are doing that 
or not. 
Praveena Rai: No, no. Yes, I think you're right. I think, we are positive. We are optimistic. A lot of 
business actions on the ground, product suite enhancements.  We've spoken about 
all of that. So, I think we are moving across various axis here. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Aditya Makharia from HDFC. 
Aditya Makharia: Yes. I just had one long -term question again. You see globally, what is the ratio of 
commodity volumes vis -à-vis equity. So, let's say, if equity does a daily volume of, 

--- page 18 ---
       
Multi Commodity Exchange of India Limited  
Q2 FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
November 07, 2025 
 
 
Page 17 of 19 
 
Public 
let's say, $1 million, will a commodity exchange in the U.S. or anywhere else be 
maybe half of that or 2x of that or 4x?  Just want to know what is the global 
benchmark. 
Praveena Rai: Yes. So, I think we don't want to talk about what happens in other exchanges. What 
we know from global benchmarks is that commodity markets tend to be a multiple 
of the equity markets. So yes, that upside and headroom is available here at a high 
level. 
Aditya Makharia: Okay. Got that. And just second thing, of course, we have gold, silver, crude and 
natural gas, which is multiple -- which is bulk of the volume. Globally, it would be 
these or there would be other commodities which are sizable? 
Praveen DG: Different exchanges have different commodities, like -- but of course, the crude oil 
and energy products happen to be one of the leading commodities . Besides energy, 
you have bullion commodities after that on metals and everything. But every 
exchange has a different specialization. But of course, we are glad that we have a 
diversified group of commodities on the exchange. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Prayesh Jain from Motilal Oswal. 
Prayesh Jain: First question is on the bullion part again, BULLDEX. So far, the participation -wise, 
who are the -- whether it's retail, whether it's prop desk, whether it's hedgers, who 
have been kind of participating in this name? And do you think that this product can 
attract more retail base versus the other products that we have? 
Rishi Nathany: So, to answer your question, Prayesh, participation is all rounded, and we would 
always like to see all rounded participation from all market participant types. So, 
whether we will see retail or hedger s or institutional, I cannot comment because 
end of the day, we are a platform and we reach out to all participants, and it is our 
desire that all such participants come and participate on the platform and on every 
contract. So ideally, what we look forward to is the contract doing better and better. 
Prayesh Jain: Extension to that would be, do you expect some cannibalization between the 
existing -- the main base of commodity option contracts and the index contracts? 

--- page 19 ---
       
Multi Commodity Exchange of India Limited  
Q2 FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
November 07, 2025 
 
 
Page 18 of 19 
 
Public 
Rishi Nathany: I don't think there will be any cannibalization. We have launched so many variants in 
gold and silver, all of them are doing well. When we launched the gold 10 grams, 
people said it was very close to the 8 grams. So that has also done well. Everything 
finds a niche for itself. 
 Similarly, this contract will also find a niche for itself, and all these contracts are 
proven to be complementary to each other rather than cannibalizing. 
Prayesh Jain: Got that. And the last question is on the number of clients that would have traded 
on futures and options. As per your presentation, it was about 6.4 lakh in options in 
the Q2 and 2.7 lakh in futures. What would this number be in, say, October month? 
Praveena Rai: We can't comment on October month in this call. Of course, whatever data is in 
public domain on our website, etcetera, you can also have access to it. It is -- given 
macro environment and everything that happened around bullion, of course, 
numbers have been healthy overall. 
Prayesh Jain: Okay. Just a feedback - we get a lot of data in terms of NSE and BSE, they kind of give 
a lot of data out and there, one of the publishing position documents is NSE Pulse. If 
we can also start disclosing more data on a monthly basis, it will be great. We can 
track the company better, just a feedback. 
Praveena Rai: Sure. Thank you for that. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Tejkumar Jain from TK Jain & Company. 
Tejkumar Jain: I just want to ask on the fixing of record for splitting of shares. Normally, it speaks 
after -- immediately after the shareholders' approval meeting. Any reasons behind 
this for delay? 
Chandresh Shah: I think it is -- there are some steps which we have to take -- special steps which we 
have to take for being an MII. I think it is in the final stages. The date will be 
announced shortly. 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, as there are no further questions, I would now like to hand 
the conference over to Ms. Praveena Rai, MD and CEO, MCX, for her closing 
comments. 

--- page 20 ---
       
Multi Commodity Exchange of India Limited  
Q2 FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
November 07, 2025 
 
 
Page 19 of 19 
 
Public 
Praveena Rai: Thank you very much to everybody for participating, spending your valuable time 
with us. The questions, interactions, discussions were very valuable. They also help 
us take back some thoughts, suggestions on the MCX pulse and so on were very 
good and well taken. Somebody also pointed out some administrative delay in 
joining. We'll try to address that also in future. Thank you very much for joining in. 
Moderator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Multi Commodity Exchange of India 
Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us, and you may now 
disconnect your lines. 