

--- page 1 ---
MULTI COMMODITY EXCHANGE OF INDIA LTD. 
EXCHANGE SQUARE, SUREN ROAD, ANDHERI (EAST), MUMBAI 400 093, INDIA. TEL: +91-22-6731 8888, FAX: +91-22-66494151, www.mcxindia.c om 
CIN: L51909MH2002PLC135594, info@mcxindia.com
 
MCX/SEC/2730       August 12, 2026 
Listing Department 
BSE Limited, 
P.J. Towers, Dalal Street, 
Mumbai - 400001. 
Ref: Scrip code: 534091 Scrip ID: MCX 
Subject:  Transcript of the “Earnings Conference Call” with investor (s)/analyst(s) on Q1 
FY-2027 results. 
Dear Sir, 
Please find enclosed herewith transcript  of the “Earnings Conference Call” with 
investor(s)/analyst(s) held on Wednesday, August 05, 2026, at 16.00 p.m. (IST) on Q1 FY-2027 
results. 
The said transcript is also uploaded on the website of the Company at 
https://www.mcxindia.com/investor-relations/shareholder-information  
Further, we hereby 
confirm that no unpublished price sensitive information was shared/discussed 
during the said earnings call. 
Kindly take the same on record and acknowledge receipt. 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For Multi Commodity Exchange of India Limited 
Manisha Thakur 
C
ompany Secretary 
Encl.: As above 

--- page 2 ---
 
Page 1 of 20 
 
Public 
 
 
 
“Multi Commodity Exchange of India Limited 
Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call” 
August 05, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Disclaimer: This transcript is provided without express or implied warranties of any kind and should be read in conjunction w ith the 
accompanying materials published by the company. The information contained in the transcript is a textual representation of  the 
company’s event and while efforts are made to provide an accurate transcription, there may be material errors, omissions, or 
inaccuracies in the reporting of the substance of the event. The transcript has been edited wherever required for clarity, co rrectness 
of data or transcription error. This document may contain “forward -looking statements” – that is, statements related to future, not 
past, events. In this context, forward looking statements often address our expected future business and financial performance, often 
contain words such as “expects”, “anticipates, “intends”, “plans”, “believes”, “seeks”, “should” or “will”. Forward -looking statements 
by their nature address matters that are, to different degrees, uncertain. These uncertainties may cau se our actual results to be 
materially different that those expressed in our forward -looking statements. We do not undertake to update our forward -looking 
statements. 
 


--- page 3 ---
     
    Multi Commodity Exchange of India Limited 
Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call 
August 05, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 20 
 
Public 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
                
 
       MANAGEMENT:  
Ms. Praveena Rai  -  Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer, MCX 
Mr. Manoj Jain  -  Executive Director; Regulatory, Compliance, Risk Management and Investor Grievances, MCX 
Mr. Sanjay Rajpal  -  Executive Director, Critical Operations, MCX 
Mr. Chandresh Shah  -  Chief Financial Officer, MCX 
Mr. Praveen DG  -  Chief Risk Officer, MCX 
Mr. Shivanshu Mehta  -  Head of Department, Bullion and Interim Charge of CBO Portfolio 
 
 
 


--- page 4 ---
     
    Multi Commodity Exchange of India Limited 
Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call 
August 05, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 20 
 
Public 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Multi Commodity Exchange of 
India Limited Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call. 
 Joining us on the call are Ms. Praveena Rai, Managing Director and CEO; Mr. Manoj 
Jain, Executive Director, Regulatory, Compliance, Risk Management and Investor 
Grievances; Mr. Sanjay Rajpal, Executive Director, Critical Operations; Mr. Chandresh 
Shah, Chi ef Financial Officer; Mr. Praveen DG, Chief Risk Officer; Mr. Shivanshu 
Mehta, Head of Department, Bullion and Interim Charge of CBO Portfolio. 
 As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you 
need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star, 
then zero on your touch -tone phone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded.  
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Praveena Rai, MD and CEO, MCX. Thank you, 
and over to you, ma'am. 
Praveena Rai: Good evening, everybody. A warm welcome to all our shareholders, investors, 
analysts, other stakeholders, to this earnings conference call for the first quarter of 
FY27. We are pleased to begin FY27 with another quarter of strong operational and 
financial performance, reinforcing the structural growth in India's commodity 
derivatives market and the resilience of our business model. Q1 followed an 
exceptionally strong fourth quarter of FY26. There has been a consolidation of 
performance in Q1. Performance continues to reflect healthy year -on-year growth 
across all key financial parameters, I'll summarize a few.  
So, during the quarter, our total income increased by 85% to INR752 crores and 
revenue from operations grew to INR702 crores, which is an 88% growth. EBITDA 
more than doubled to INR544 crores, and there is a good EBITDA margin of 72% with 
a PAT at INR413 crores. This demonstrates the scalability of our business model and 
continued focus on efficiency. Underlying to this is strong fundamentals. The quarter 
witnessed very strong growth across the Average Daily Turnover, the ADT. This grew 
to INR10.5 lakh crores. Futures ADT grew by  47% year -on-year, and overall ADT 
showed growth over last quarter.  

--- page 5 ---
     
    Multi Commodity Exchange of India Limited 
Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call 
August 05, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 20 
 
Public 
 
The Notional Options ADT has also grown by 266%. So, this reflects increased market 
depth, deeper liquidity and wider adoption of commodity derivatives by market 
participants. 
 Client participation is encouraging. Our traded client base doubled from previous year 
to 13.72 lakh clients this quarter. And this really highlights the increasing acceptance 
of commodity derivatives as an effective tool for both hedging as well as investments. 
 Beyond financial performance, we continue to strengthen our product portfolio. 
We've had a whopper of a contract! We've had a very successful launch of the Silver 
100 Grams Futures contract. This was a demand from the market given the price of 
silver. In a quick response to market demand , the product was launched and has 
already seen a very good performance, which we will talk about subsequently. And 
this has become a more accessible hedging as well as investment product for the 
participants. 
 MCX price is another piece I would like to highlight . Towards the end of last quarter, 
we had a regulatory directive by which exchange discovered price was to be used by 
the AMCs for AUM calculations. We have worked very closely with the industry and 
have a number of AMCs, at least 50-plus AMCs, who are today using MCX bullion price 
as a reference for AUM calculations. 
 A big action as far as the last quarter goes is really expansion of Good Delivery Norms. 
In line with a lot of policy narratives around the country on bullion, we've included 
silver and also empanelled the country's first domestic silver refiner. These norms 
align with best-in-class global standards at par with all global norms that have so far 
been followed in the country. 
 Three more domestic gold refiners have also been empanelled, and the Good Delivery 
framework has also been extended across all contracts. So, these initiatives support 
the broader vision of promoting domestic refining and contributing to India's self -
reliance in precious metals. It has been a step that has been mu ch welcomed by the 
industry as well. 

--- page 6 ---
     
    Multi Commodity Exchange of India Limited 
Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call 
August 05, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 20 
 
Public 
 Another industry milestone is we are at a very early stage of work on our coal 
exchange. On approval from the regulator, we have incorporated the MCX Coal 
Exchange of India and other procedural items are in play towards the next steps on 
this. This will cr eate a transparent, efficient technology -driven national coal trading 
ecosystem aligned with the government's market reforms as well as our long -term 
strategy of expanding into new commodity segments. 
 On the global sta ge, MCX continues to strengthen its leadership position . As per            
FY2025 statistics, MCX is the world's largest Commodity Options Exchange and fourth 
largest Commodity Derivatives Exchange by number of contracts traded. This reflects 
confidence exposed in our markets by participants and reinforces commitment to 
innovation, market development and operational excellence. 
 So, looking forward, our focus remains on expanding participation, expanding our 
product suite, deepening liquidity across contracts, enhancing technology and market 
infrastructure, creating sustainable long-term value to all shareholders. 
 With this, I would also like to highlight a very, very strong focus for MCX on risk 
management. I think I have been asked this in a few discussions, where, in volatile 
environments and the purpose of MCX being to operate as a platform of hedging, the 
action that has our top focus is risk management and being able to react quickly to 
signals from across the world, over the course of the last one year , has helped us to 
hold a very strong risk management posture and permit all the new participation , 
products innovation, enhancements, etc., to actually play out. 
 With this, I would like to thank our regulators, members, participants, dear investors, 
all our hard -working dedicated employees and all stakeholders for their continued 
trust and support with us.  Thank you, and we are open to questions. Our leadership 
team is available here. 
Moderator: Thank you. We will now begin the question -and-answer session. The first question 
comes from the line of Amit Chandra with HDFC Securities. 
Amit Chandra: My first question is on the recent RBI regulation regarding the bank guarantee. So, it's 
been a month. How do we see the impact of that on our volumes? And also, is it fair 
to say that the impact of this bank guarantee will be more gradual and it has not come 

--- page 7 ---
     
    Multi Commodity Exchange of India Limited 
Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call 
August 05, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 20 
 
Public 
maybe in the month of July. As more and more bank guarantees come for renewal, 
the volume related to the prop trading will actually decline. 
 Secondly, ma'am, if I see the mix of the volume, it is now getting more tilted towards 
the crude and natural gas contracts. Obviously, the volatility there is much higher. But 
if I see the gold and silver contracts, there has been a substantial , more than 100% 
rise in the notional volume, and it is continuing to rise, but there has been a fall in the 
p/n, which is leading to a fall in the premiums for gold and silver. So, what is creating 
this shift? And how we see the rise in the gold and silver volumes in the mix? 
Praveena Rai: Thank you, Amit. Very, very valid question. The first one is on everybody's mind for 
sure. The regulation from RBI that was meant to come into effect in April had a 90 -
day sort of time period for this to get absorbed by the industry is now in force. I don't 
want to comment because this is really more of a Q2 action than a Q1 action. 
 Having said that, we are not expecting this to have a very significant detrimental 
impact. We'll have to wait and watch what the actual impact of this turns out to be. It 
will have an implication on the cost of funds of some part of the flows associated with 
our members. We expect that to be optimal in nature as industry finds its own sort of 
mechanism to deal with it. Are we seeing anything significantly detrimental at this 
stage? I would say not really. 
 The second point is the rise in ADT, yes. We are very happy to see the growth in ADT 
from about INR3 lakh crores in Q1 last year to about INR6.6 lakh crores in Q4. We 
have seen INR10.5 lakh crores of ADT, which demonstrates highly engaged 
participation across the contracts. Yes, there is a normalization of the premium ratio. 
And this is as expected because as we look at volatility trends globally, there will be a 
normalization of the way premium will play out. 
Amit Chandra: Okay. And ma'am, the second question is on the product pipeline. Obviously, in the 
previous calls, you have mentioned about you're working upon a big pipeline of 
products, especially on the metal side and on the index side. So, if we can get an 
update, what's the status there in terms of, where we are in terms of launching the 
newer metal contracts because that is the gap that we see in the options portfolio. 

--- page 8 ---
     
    Multi Commodity Exchange of India Limited 
Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call 
August 05, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 20 
 
Public 
Praveena Rai: So, when it comes to metal contracts, I think we do see a lot of headroom. As you 
know, a lot of activity has happened on the way ; we've rationalized warehouses, 
simplified the contracts over time, and we have seen the impact of that, especially in 
the copper portfolio, the numbers that are playing out, and this will continue to be a 
strong focus area to build depth in the contract. 
Moderator: Next question comes from the line of Devesh Agarwal with IIFL Capital. 
Devesh Agarwal: Congratulations on a good set of numbers. Ma'am, my first question is on the traded 
UCC. After two strong quarters, this quarter, we have seen a decline in the numbers. 
One, I wanted to understand what has led to this decline? And secondly, what 
according to you is the lead indicator in terms of additio n of new traded UCCs? Is it 
the stronger prices or higher volatility, which can drive the new UCCs. 
Praveena Rai: So, we've had growth in UCCs quarter -on-quarter over the last few quarters. This is 
the impact of new members as well as expanded interest by participants in the 
commodity markets. We see a tad change this quarter, but I would say it's like more 
or less at pa r with the last quarter. Last quarter, of course, was high , given the fact 
that it was a highly volatile quarter with sort of a lot of interest and a lot of opportunity 
that people would have seen.  
So, I think we see this as sort of a UCC-wise flat quarter where some of the participants 
would have come in and are not probably participating this quarter. But the 
underlying strength of new members and new participants is a trendline that we still 
see as positive. 
Devesh Agarwal: And any number, ma'am, that you have in your mind, possibly that you can reach in a 
year's time? 
Praveena Rai: I don't want to put a number here. Last year, we closed at 20 lakh at a full year 
number. And we do expect to have higher numbers this year. And the headroom for 
growth continues to be substantive. 
Moderator: Next question comes from the line of Supratim with Jefferies. 
Supratim: My first question, again, going back to regulation and the impact, thanks a lot for the 
colour that you have provided. But if you could give us some sense around what 

--- page 9 ---
     
    Multi Commodity Exchange of India Limited 
Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call 
August 05, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 20 
 
Public 
proportion of the trades might be backed by bank guarantees currently or in last 
quarter, that would be helpful. So that's one. And secondly, there has been a lot of 
discussion around FPI participation and SEBI looking at the FPI participation being 
extended to contracts beyond energy. So, any update regarding that or any colour 
regarding how you see that play out, that would be very helpful. 
Praveena Rai: Sorry, can you repeat the second question, please? 
Supratim: Yes. So, on the FPI participation, so there have been articles recently suggesting that 
SEBI and the commodity derivative action committee is looking at expanding FPI 
participation to non -cash contracts as well. So just wanted to understand that any 
colour around that, how do you see that play out? And what kind of impact if that's 
allowed, could take place on MCX? That would be very helpful. 
Praveena Rai: Yes. So, your first question on trying to put a number on the impacted quantum of 
bank guarantees, if I understood your question right, so that's not something that we 
have, b ecause at any point in time, it's oriented towards the prop quantum of a 
particular member, and members also use multiple instruments. This varies every day 
based on margin calls. And so, it's not a number we are able to put our handle on. 
 But in our conversations  with the market is sort of the perspective that I had given 
earlier on. FPI is something that we'll, of course, wait for. We are keen, no doubt about 
it. We are awaiting sort of progress on this count. This has been in the media. I think 
we'll stay with wh at's available in public domain as the details on this get worked 
through. 
Moderator: Next question comes from the line of Adarsh Singh with ASK Private Wealth. 
Adarsh Singh: My question would be that if you see energy and particularly crude and natural gas, 
that contributes a large part of our overall revenue. But let's say, going forward, when 
the volatility reduces, let's say, a year forward, of course, the contribution from them 
would start lowering if you see, let's say two, three years forward, new energy sources 
would come, the contribution from particularly natural gas and crude would come 
down. So, what are our new products, let's say, for example, index options that you 
were trying to scale? I mean what is the traction there to counter the impact of crude 
and natural gas? 

--- page 10 ---
     
    Multi Commodity Exchange of India Limited 
Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call 
August 05, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 20 
 
Public 
Praveena Rai: I wouldn't link these two, Adarsh. I think your question, if I were to just take it at one 
level and say what is the sort of approach to manage multiple products in the 
portfolio, right? I think we've seen in the recent days that country is going to continue 
to be reliant on crude and gas, as we also work towards policy initiatives on self -
reliance, gasification through coal, various other measures that are in play. 
 As you know, we've launched the power contract, electricity contract, which has 
picked up pretty well. We are looking at more participation from the power players 
starting to make inroads, including with the DISCOMs, good open interest buildup. So, 
a lot of the lead indicators on that look positive. 
 The coal initiative we spoke about, it's not a derivatives initiative at this point. It's a 
coal exchange. But having this foundation is very important as we move forward. So 
really covering the whole energy basket is sort of the fundamental idea in that space. 
 Your question on indices. I think Indices is a place that we will continue to be working 
on. The BULLDEX that was launched last year, I think there's a rework on the product 
that is in play, both on the Futures and Options.  
So, I think we are expecting that to give a good bump up on Indices. And Indices is 
something that is a primary focus both across the bullion metal and the overall 
commodity space as well. So, there are a few plans that are currently in pipeline. Over 
the next few months, they will hit the market, which we will be able to announce from 
time to time. 
Moderator: Next question comes from the line of Niranjan Kumar from Avendus Spark. 
Niranjan Kumar: I have two questions. One on the SGF contribution. So, on a Q-o-Q basis in this quarter, 
the decline was lower than the decline in revenue or transaction income. So, is it 
broadly because of the market -based activity or because of the change in the 
calculation methodology by SEBI in March? That's first question.  
Maybe second question, the employee cost, the growth which you have seen in this 
quarter, is it largely driven by increments or by the employee count addition? Like is 
this a sustainable number going ahead? Those are the two broad questions. 

--- page 11 ---
     
    Multi Commodity Exchange of India Limited 
Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call 
August 05, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 20 
 
Public 
Chandresh Shah: Hi Niranjan, this is Chandresh. So, on your first question about SGF. So yes, SGF is a 
function of a lot of parameters and SEBI has prescribed the methodology based on 
which calculations are done every month actually. And the contribution, again, 
depends on the assessment of whether we have to infuse more in the fund based on 
this calculation and how much we want to have as a safety net, buffer, headroom 
above the calculation that comes as per SEBI methodology. 
 So, depending on that, the analysis is done and the contribution is done. So that's the 
reason maybe you can see some variation in the SGF number. And in terms of 
employee cost, it's a mix of both , addition of new employees plus increments , and 
also a bit of maybe a slightly higher variable pay in our subsidiary, which has come up 
in this year. So, I think otherwise, the expenses are in line with what we have seen 
and what we expect to be there in the future. 
Niranjan Kumar: Got it, Sir. Maybe any broad colour like how much of the increase might be attributed 
to employee count or the bonus or the payout variable payout? That's it from my side. 
Chandresh Shah: So, I think see, we keep hiring people ... There is a one -time of around 8% to 9% 
included in this, which will not be there in the coming quarters. 
Moderator: Next question comes from the line of Shrenik Mehta with Indo Alps Wealth. 
Shrenik Mehta: So, my question is about the Bullion Options Notional ADT, which rose almost 116% 
sequentially, while the Bullion Options Premium ADT fell 27%. So, this is taking the 
premium to notional from 1.03% to 0.35%. Now , since the transaction revenue is a 
function of a premium and not notional, can you decompose this 68% yield 
compression, say across four buckets: mechanical notional inflation from higher gold 
and silver prices levels  – one. Number two, implied volatility normalization post Q4 
spike. Number three, participation mix shift towards further OTM and shorter-dated 
strikes, and the contract mix from Silver 100 to the Gold 10 and the BULLDEX. What is 
the contribution of each? And which of these do you think are structural rather than 
the cyclical ones? Just want to understand the future idea a little better with this 
feedback. 
Praveena Rai: Yes. So, I think I'll just take your first part, and then I'll request DG Praveen to come 
in. So, when it comes to price-related, right? So, let's move from ADT, which is Average 

--- page 12 ---
     
    Multi Commodity Exchange of India Limited 
Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call 
August 05, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 20 
 
Public 
Daily Throughput to Average Daily Volume, which eliminates the price component. 
So, we are looking at, for example, in gold, something like AD V - Average Daily 
Volume, in options of about 300 metric tons, which is a 100% increase over last 
quarter. 
 Similarly, we are looking at in silver, about 9,400 metric tons, which is again 
approximately 2% or more increase over last quarter. So, volume-wise, it's healthy. 
There is that sort of price impact kicking in. Volatility is certainly a determining factor. 
Praveen, if you want to just comment on that? 
Praveen DG: So just like MD has said, it is like predominantly, it is a market factor because you can 
really could see that from a heightened volatility, it is now more has lowered the 
volatility has come down significantly in both gold as well as in silver. So that way, that 
is what actually contributed to this decline in the premium ratio. 
Praveena Rai: Contract mix is not where we are seeing the big play. 
Praveen DG: Participation-wise, like if you can look at even the premiums of both gold and silver, 
both are almost at the same level. So that way, it is not significantly contributing to 
this one. In fact, the participation also, we can say that there is no major impact. The 
participation remained stable compared to the last quarter. So that way, I don't see 
that there's any shift in the participation or because of the change in the contract mix. 
Those are not the contributors. 
Shivanshu Mehta: I'll just come in, Shivanshu here. So, while you correctly noted that the notional 
turnover has increased. And as we clarified, so has the volume and volume since it's 
irrespective of price, it is ideally a lead indicator or an actual indicator of participation, 
and actually, Options is starting to see more and more usage for the design purpose 
for which it's created, the environment which we saw.  
Now even if you look at the open interest, which is another such parameter, even on 
that count, there is an increase. If you see the silver all variant option AOI as well as 
the gold all variant AOI in options, which is about 17.3 tonnes, marginally higher than 
16.9. In the case of silver, 583 tonnes as opposed to 522 tonnes in the previous 
quarter. 

--- page 13 ---
     
    Multi Commodity Exchange of India Limited 
Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call 
August 05, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 20 
 
Public 
Shrenik Mehta: Despite our volume remaining quite similar, you still see a decline in the premium, 
right? So that is because of the volatility you're seeing. 
Shivanshu Mehta: Yes. That's right. That keeps changing from time to time actually, depending on what 
the market factors. But the products which we create are actually permanent in 
nature, and they are indicating more participation. So premium coming and going is a 
function of various market conditions actually. 
Moderator: Next question comes from the line of Abhijit with Kotak Securities. 
Abhijit: Congrats on a good set of numbers. I  had one question on technology cost, if you 
could give some colour on where we are in terms of adequacy towards maintaining 
the right amount of capacity given what we saw in the previous quarter in terms of 
growth in volumes. And internally, we kind of have a benchmark in terms of where 
we put the capacity number against the volumes that we see in the recent period. 
Praveena Rai: So, I think we -- as stated in all our earlier discussions, we continue to invest in the 
technology space. And when I say invest, I think it is invest smartly and invest 
efficiently. So, it is our, of course, after risk and compliance are very top priority. At 
this stage, we are working towards a high degree of scale being available. In fact, just 
in the last one year, we have very successfully handled large volume of transactions. 
We would have started the year at less than a billion. And when I say a year, I'm talking 
of maybe four quarters back, a billion transactions a day, and we've already handled 
more than 3 billion transactions a day with the capacity to handle more than double 
that.  
So, capacity-wise, very well positioned as we speak in terms of the growth that is 
coming our way, but we continue to look to drive resiliency, looking at driving scale.  
We've, of course, got Sanjay Rajpal, our new Executive Director for Critical Operations 
and Technology, who's joined us and making sure that this technology platform 
readiness for scale and resilience in an efficient cost-managed manner is a top priority 
for us. 
Moderator: Next question comes from the line of Parikshit Gupta with Fair Value Capital. 
Parikshit Gupta: I have a few questions on the electricity futures and with some context from the 
electricity performance report that you have published for FY26. So, the first question, 

--- page 14 ---
     
    Multi Commodity Exchange of India Limited 
Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call 
August 05, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 20 
 
Public 
what was the Q1 traded volumes for electricity futures? And in terms of the overall 
market share, where do we tentatively stand with the Q1 numbers? 
Praveena Rai: So, electricity futures Q1 ADT is about INR37 crores. We stand at, I think, about 55% 
or so from a market share standpoint when it comes to ADT. However, what we've 
done over the course of the year is really look at studying our market needs very 
carefully. And we have a strong reinforcement that our contract is very much aligned 
to market needs.  
This is reflected in liquidity that is across more than three months, so month one, two 
and three, with open interest where we have nearly 1,630 lots of contracts of open 
interest, which is more than 70% in the market share, which really is a reflection of 
the actual utilization for the market from an electricity futures standpoint. 
Parikshit Gupta: Okay. This is helpful. The second question from the same report that you published, 
it has mentioned that in India, the traded volumes are at around 70 bps of the total 
deliverable supply. While in the Europe, China or America, all of these are a healthy 
multiple of the deliverable volumes. So, in the next three years, how much do we 
anticipate this ratio to evolve to? 
 And just as a follow-up to this. In the same report, you've also mentioned that around 
40% of this participation or this trading is through algorithmic trading. However, it 
does not sa y these algo traders are hedges or speculators. Do we have any insights 
into this? And going forward, which category do we expect to offer a higher growth 
rate? 
Praveena Rai: Parikshit, which report are you referring to? 
Parikshit Gupta: The electricity performance report, which is on the MCX website. 
Praveena Rai: Okay. We don't have that handy in front of us. But what I can tell you is when we look 
at the power markets, about 8% to 10% of electricity needs on a day-to-day basis are 
really transacted through the spot exchanges. And that is the fundamental driver to 
reflect the sort of price discovery and the fact that there are a range of both 
generators as well as distributors and consumers who utilize the exchange.  

--- page 15 ---
     
    Multi Commodity Exchange of India Limited 
Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call 
August 05, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 20 
 
Public 
This is the price on which MCX settles the contract. It's fully generators, distributors 
and consumers in India. And they are the same participants in addition to, of course, 
financial participants. They are the same participants who also participate on MCX on 
the derivatives contract. So, this is the broad brush. Since we don't have the report in 
front of us, we don't have the specificities of the questions you're asking. Can you 
repeat your question? 
Parikshit Gupta: Yes, sure. Let me just rephrase it. So, what I was trying to ask was in the European or 
American markets, the derivative trading of electricity is a multiple of the spot trading 
on the exchanges. And in India, we are at 70 basis points. So, it's actually a very low 
number. Given that we are participating in the electricity futures market, I just wanted 
to check for the next three to five years or the medium term, how are we anticipating 
the share of the derivative markets as a percentage of the spot markets to evolve? 
And if this growth will be coming from more speculators or hedgers? 
Praveena Rai: So great. So, there are two parts to your question. I think the first part is what do we 
think is going to be the multiple of derivative contracts over spot contracts. We 
absolutely expect this to be reflective of what we see in global markets. So, we are in 
the really early phase of this journey. And like I said, all the lead indicators are looking 
strong.  We have a strong feedback from market because any new product introduced 
also, we need to be really sure that despite having done the work, all the approvals 
that the product meets purpose. So that is reconfirmed by market, and we have the 
right participation coming on board. We have the right open interest building up. 
 So, all the, as the lead indicators are positive, I think this will grow to be a very strong 
contract for India, reflecting what you're seeing globally. We also work very closely 
with some of the global power exchanges, continuously studying how they approach 
their market dynamics so that we really don't have to reinvent the wheel, and we are 
learning from the best there. 
 The second question you asked is what is the kind of participation. So, any healthy 
contract requires financial participants as well as commercial or hedging participants. 
So, both may be hedging. Both may be investing; some may be speculating. We 
wouldn't know about that.  But we need all kind of participants to make sure that we 
have enough depth in the contract to have a vibrant market, so that any kind of player 

--- page 16 ---
     
    Multi Commodity Exchange of India Limited 
Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call 
August 05, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 20 
 
Public 
when they come into the market to treat it as a hedging instrument, they find the 
liquidity that they need. So, the same objective plays out here, too. 
Moderator: Next question comes from the line of Bunty Chawla with ASK. 
Bunty Chawla: My questions have been answered. Just one question on other income, we have seen 
a drastic growth on a sequential as well as a Y-o-Y basis. What are the components or 
what are the drivers behind that? And how one should see this for full year FY27? 
Praveena Rai: So, it's a very good question. I think like we opened the discussion saying that we've 
had extremely sharp growth in Q4, reflecting a lot of macro environmental factors as 
well. We see that while it moderates, it consolidates and demonstrates a strong 
baseline level where the exchange growth continues to be strong.  
So, we do see growth to be on a strong track this year. While the very strong macro 
factors may or may not necessarily kick in, that's not something that is in our control. 
But all the controllables have strong indicators, and we do expect the numbers to be 
strong. 
Moderator: Next question comes from the line of Sanketh Godha with Avendus Spark. 
Sanketh Godha: In your initial remarks, you said that most of the mutual funds have started using MCX 
price as a benchmark to calculate their AUM. So just wanted to understand this data-
related income opportunity, how much it contributed probably in the current 
quarter's revenue? And how do you see this to play out in subsequent years as more 
and more mutual funds probably start using your price , in that sense?  So that's my 
first question. And second is a data keeping. Can you call out your float income, which 
is part of your operating income, the float income what you earned on margin money? 
Praveena Rai: Yes. So, with respect to the AMCs, what was important is for us to establish the 
process and establish the kind of needs that they have and to make sure that we are 
able to provide what the funds require. So, I think that's clearly been the focus in the 
last quarter and each fund would have had to go to their Board and get their policies 
approved and all those actions without sort of complicating it with a revenue stream 
objective at this point.  

--- page 17 ---
     
    Multi Commodity Exchange of India Limited 
Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call 
August 05, 2026 
 
Page 16 of 20 
 
Public 
So, I think we are focused on getting this service oriented suitably to the needs of the 
market. And we do believe that both implicit and explicit streams of revenue will 
follow. We do have some plans around data services over and above what we have 
today, which over the next couple of quarters, I think we'll be able to share more. 
Sanketh Godha: Understood. And can you share the float income number? 
Chandresh Shah: That is around INR30 crores for this quarter. 
Moderator: Next question comes from the line of Shravan Kumar, an Individual Investor, please 
go ahead. Since there is no reply from the line of Mr. Kumar, we'll move to the next. 
That is Saket Saraogi, an Individual Investor. 
Saket Saraogi: My question is regarding the sequential dip in the volumes, the revenue of the 
company. So, like what led to the decline in the revenue in this quarter? 
Praveena Rai: Yes. Saket, I think we were talking about that. Thank you for your question. So Q4 last 
year was certainly a very, very strong quarter. It was driven both by baseline 
fundamental increase in our number of members, participation, drive from sort of 
new products and so on, along with some of the big macro geopolitical factors that 
kicked in, in a very significant way.  
So, what we are seeing this quarter, it's a normalization of that without some of those 
sort of very strong geopolitical factors playing in at that same extent, but with some 
of the fundamental and foundational growth elements still continuing to be strong. 
So, we have seen growth vis-a-vis Q1 of last year, a very strong growth vis-a-vis Q1 of 
last year. While, yes, of course, when compared to Q4, the numbers are lower from 
where they were. 
Saket Saraogi: One follow-up. Like last year, there has been a rise in the prices of silver and gold that 
have aided the volumes of our products. So, this year, more or less the price has been 
stable quite a bit. And also on the other side, the equity part of the market, those have 
started becoming a bit buoyant. So those all factors do, because silver and gold being 
the major contributor to our revenue. So, will that have an impact on the volumes this 
year? 

--- page 18 ---
     
    Multi Commodity Exchange of India Limited 
Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call 
August 05, 2026 
 
Page 17 of 20 
 
Public 
Praveena Rai: Between our two big pillars of product segments, which is energy and bullion, we do 
see a sort of a counterbalancing that tends to happen. Of course, sometimes both are 
highly volatile. But otherwise, we do have energy sort of kicking in and contributing 
to numbers at times when bullion tends to be a little more tepid and vice versa. Having 
said that, I don't think we are still looking at an environment where bullion volatility 
is very low. It still continues to be at certain numbers where market requires to hedge 
and sort of use the platform for its regular business purposes as well. 
Moderator: Next question comes from the line of Aditya Chheda with InCred Asset Management. 
Aditya Chheda: My question is on the competitive intensity. Some of the challenger exchanges have 
become active in the segment. So, are we tracking any leading indicators, maybe 
something such as new member registrations, et cetera, that would help us foresee 
any competitive intensity in this segment for us? 
Praveena Rai: Yes. So of course, commodities have been doing well. Numbers are good. Growth is 
high. So, competition is stepping in, and we are taking it seriously because these are 
big competitors in the adjacent spaces in the equity side. We are staying focused on 
launching products that the market requires, looking at enhancing our participation. 
 So, in the last quarter, we've had 12 new members who have joined. We've had 35 
new FPIs, taking our FPI count to about 220. At a higher base of INR10 lakh-plus crores, 
we have about 2.5% contribution coming from FPIs. And of course, looking forward to 
more as policy permits us to bring in more participation across contracts on FPIs.  
Having said that, we are watching competitive activity closely. At this stage, I think all 
our main contracts with head -on competition have held strong. There have been 
some competitive actions on sort of expiry date change and so on and so forth.  So, 
we are reviewing the impact of that. They sort of tend to have volume for about a 
couple of days, on days where we have not seen that impact our own volume. But it's 
something that we are watching slowly, and we will have our action plan oriented to 
it as well. 
Aditya Chheda: Right. And apart from these strategies, do you also believe that the technological 
progress and the moat that we have would be a key enabler to protect your market 
share in these segments and your outlook on the same? 

--- page 19 ---
     
    Multi Commodity Exchange of India Limited 
Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call 
August 05, 2026 
 
Page 18 of 20 
 
Public 
Praveena Rai: Absolutely. I think we rely on two big pillars. Nobody understands the commodity 
market risk like we do. I think be it Good Delivery standards, be it inventories being 
held in our warehouses, the hard work that has gone into creating these delivery -
based contracts, which gives a high level of integrity to price discovery with a 
derivative contract, merging with a physical contract, creating that price that market 
accepts as being true and of high integrity. So, I think these are all moats in addition 
to our very strong moat on technology. 
Moderator: Next question comes from the line of Aditya Yadav with Transient Capital. 
Aditya Yadav: My question, first one was around the -- there were reports two, three months back 
that SEBI would revise the dedicated commodity derivatives department and that 
would be done in a very short period. So, could you just give some, can you provide 
updates on that, whether that has happened or it's very imminent? And how does 
that impact our engagement cadence with SEBI and with certain things we have open 
on our end like SBI position limits, colocation, etcetera? 
Praveena Rai: So, there is a strong focus at SEBI. There are independent teams within MRD at 
reasonably senior levels that now work on the commodity segment. So, I think your 
understanding is correct there. And the rest follows, I guess. 
Aditya Yadav: And any timelines for the open parts we have on our end, the topics we have right 
now? Any timelines on that front? 
Praveena Rai: We can't comment on that. We are working with a lot of focus to get things over the 
line. 
Moderator: Next question comes from the line of Adarsh Singh with ASK Private Wealth. 
Adarsh Singh: So, another question from my side. So, if you see basically this quarter, we had three 
months of heightened crude prices and higher volatility. But if I see as compared to 
fourth quarter, we only have a marginal or a slight increase, I mean, actually a 
decrease in the quantity of crude oil options quantity. So, what is the reason for that? 
Praveena Rai: So, your question is, has the volume come down? Is that your question? 

--- page 20 ---
     
    Multi Commodity Exchange of India Limited 
Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call 
August 05, 2026 
 
Page 19 of 20 
 
Public 
Adarsh Singh: Yes. So, if you see quarter as compared to fourth quarter, this quarter, if I just see 
crude oil options quantity, this is the volume part of it, it has basically come down or 
largely been flat , because if you see this quarter had three months of heightened 
crude oil price and volatility. So why has not the quantity gone up or trading in options 
gone up significantly? 
Praveena Rai: You're right, the numbers are flat. And I think that's in line with what we discussed 
earlier that the last quarter was a heightened sort of a one -off. And if we look at the 
core trend line per se, I think this quarter actually continues to be quite healthy. 
Adarsh Singh: But my question was basically last quarter, there was only one month probably or the 
high volatility. But this quarter, it was three months. So why did we not see the same 
significant increase in volumes this quarter? 
Praveena Rai: Yes. So, I think in the -- we don't want to discuss all the drivers to the geopolitical 
trends. So, over a shorter period of time, I think a lot more volatility was seen in  the 
energy segment. 
Praveen DG: The market always plays a significant role because the volatility will be totally the 
market driven. So that will have an impact on the… that also can be attributed to the 
volume changes. 
Moderator: The last question comes from the line of Shravan Kumar, an Individual Investor. 
Shravan Kumar: In extension to that revenue dip from the exceptional quarter of Q4 last year, we 
pretty much normalized now. But I want to know as we are running on the high base 
from FY26, do we expect any smoothing of growth going forward into FY27? 
Praveena Rai: So, we are expecting the growth momentum at the fundamental level to continue to 
be good. While the exceptional quarter on Q4 driven by many other factors holds the 
last year's numbers, we expect the numbers this year to be on a strong momentum 
as well. 
Shravan Kumar: All right. Just one more question. There is price softness or lesser volatility in the 
bullion, especially gold and silver in the month of June after the destocks and all  
between the geopolitical environment. So, did you see any softness in the volumes in 
the bullion in the June month or in subsequent July month? 

--- page 21 ---
     
    Multi Commodity Exchange of India Limited 
Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call 
August 05, 2026 
 
Page 20 of 20 
 
Public 
Praveena Rai: Of course, we are covering our Q1 numbers here. The numbers on bullion are softer. 
We spoke a lot about it in the previous questions also. The Silver 100 Grams launch 
has been accepted and received very well in the market, reflecting a kind of a product 
that has more affordability for hedging across the industry as well as investors.  
In fact, even in gold, we do find a lot of innovation in the smaller contracts like the 10-
gram futures contract, a lot of retail interest also being generated by sort of a home 
delivery model that has been introduced by some of the players on the back of the 
futures contracts. So, when, if somebody wants to take delivery, they are actually able 
to get it at home and don't have the complication of a warehouse. So many of these 
things are playing out even though the larger essence of the market has lower 
volatility this quarter as compared to the previous quarter. 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. We have reached the end 
of the question-and-answer session. I now hand the conference over to Ms. Praveena 
Rai, MD and CEO, MCX, for closing comments. 
Praveena Rai: Thank you to everybody. It was a very, very meaningful discussion. We appreciate the 
questions and the discussion. It gives us a lot of food for thought, even as we answer 
this with the knowledge and analysis and plans that we have in mind. It also helps to 
trigger us for what we need to focus on and what we need to do next. I appreciate 
everybody taking your time, all the analysts and individual investors  on the call. And 
thanks for the organizers for putting this together. Thank you. 
Moderator: On behalf of Multi Commodity Exchange of India Limited, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 