

--- page 1 ---
MULTI COMMODITY EXCHANGE OF INDIA LTD. 
EXCHANGE SQUARE, SUREN ROAD, ANDHERI (EAST), MUMBAI 400 093, INDIA. TEL: +91-22-6731 8888, FAX: +91-22-66494151, www.mcxindia.c om 
CIN: L51909MH2002PLC135594, info@mcxindia.com
 
MCX/SEC/2633  February 03, 2026 
BSE Limited 
Department of Corporate Services 
PJ Towers, Dalal Street, 
Mumbai - 400 001. 
Ref: Scrip code: 534091 Scrip ID: MCX 
Subject:  Transcript of the “Earnings Conference Call” with investor (s)/analyst(s) on Q3 
FY-2026 results. 
Dear Sir, 
Please find enclosed herewith transcript  of the “Earnings Conference Call” with 
investor(s)/analyst(s) held on Tuesday, January 27, 2026, at 16.00 p.m. (IST) on Q3 FY-2026 
results. 
The said transcript is also uploaded on the website of the Company at 
https://www.mcxindia.com/investor-relations/ir-meetings 
Further, we hereby 
confirm that no unpublished price sensitive information was shared/discussed 
during the said earnings call. 
Kindly take the same on record and acknowledge receipt. 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For Multi Commodity Exchange of India Limited 
Manisha Thakur 
C
ompany Secretary 
Encl.: As above 

--- page 2 ---
 
Page 1 of 23 
 Public 
 
 
 
 
“Multi Commodity Exchange of India Limited 
Q3 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call” 
January 27, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Disclaimer: This transcript is provided without express or implied warranties of any kind and should be read in conjunction 
with the accompanying materials published by the company. The information contained in the transcript is a textual 
representation of  the company’s event and while efforts are made to provide an accurate transcription, there may be 
material errors, omissions, or inaccuracies in the reporting of the substance of the event. The transcript has been edited 
wherever required for clarity, cor rectness of data or transcription error. This document may contain “forward -looking 
statements” – that is, statements related to future, not past, events. In this context, forward looking statements often 
address our expected future business and financial performance, often contain words such as “expects”, “anticipates, 
“intends”, “plans”, “believes”, “seeks”, “should” or “will”. Forward-looking statements by their nature address matters that 
are, to different degrees, uncertain. These uncertainties may cau se our actual results to be materially different that those 
expressed in our forward-looking statements. We do not undertake to update our forward-looking statements. 


--- page 3 ---
 Multi Commodity Exchange of India Limited 
  January 27, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 23 
 
Public 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
                
 
MANAGEMENT:     
MS. PRAVEENA RAI – MANAGING DIRECTOR AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER  
MR. CHANDRESH SHAH – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER  
MR. RISHI NATHANY – CHIEF BUSINESS OFFICER  
MR. MANOJ JAIN – CHIEF COMPLIANCE OFFICER  
MR. PRAVEEN DG – CHIEF RISK OFFICER  


--- page 4 ---
 Multi Commodity Exchange of India Limited 
  January 27, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 23 
 
Public 
 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Multi Commodity 
Exchange of India Limited Q3 FY '26 Earnings Conference  Call. Joining us on 
this call are Ms. Praveena Rai, Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer; 
Mr. Rishi Nathany, Chief Business Officer; Mr. Chandresh Shah, Chief Financial 
Officer; Mr. Manoj Jain, Chief Compliance Officer; and Mr. Praveen DG, Chief 
Risk Officer. 
 As a reminder, all participant lines will remain in the listen -only mode, and 
there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please 
signal the operator by pressing star, then zero on your touchtone telephone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 I will now hand the conference over to Ms. Praveena Rai, MD and CEO, MCX, 
for opening remarks. Thank you, and over to you, ma'am. 
Praveena Rai: Thank you very much. Good day everyone, and a warm welcome for joining 
us today for the quarterly earnings call. We are delighted to share that the 
third quarter of FY '26 has been a strong and defining quarter for MCX, reflects 
the momentum we have built for our business, products an d market 
participation in the context of broader macroeconomic environment. 
 Our performance during the quarter underscores the resilience of our 
platform, the strength of our operating model , and the importan ce and 
growing relevance of commodity derivatives in India' s evolving financial 
ecosystem. 
 For the quarter ended December 31, 2025, our consolidated revenue from 
operations grew by 121% year-on-year to INR 666 crores, while EBITDA grew 
by 144% to INR 527 crores. Profit after tax grew by 151% to INR 401 crores. 
 This robust performance was supported by an increase in macroeconomic 
activity, both at the global and country level, along with supported efforts 
around products, participation and delivery to scale both in the operating and 
risk management level. 

--- page 5 ---
 Multi Commodity Exchange of India Limited 
  January 27, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 23 
 
Public 
 Our average daily turnover in futures and options rose to INR 7.5 lakh crores. 
You'd recollect that in the first half of the year, we clocked INR 4 lakh crores, 
while we closed the previous year at about INR 2 lakh crores. So, this is a year-
on-year growth of about 220%. 
 On a 9 -month basis, we see healthy growth trends too, with revenue from 
operations up by 72% to INR 1,413 crores and PAT increasing by 89% to INR 
802 crores. Operationally, the quarter was marked by deepening participation 
across segments, particularly in bullion, but well supported by other 
commodities. 
 And with bullion now contributing 69% of the average daily turnover, and 
including in its portfolio, many successful product launches for Gold Mini, 
Gold Ten Futures, silver monthly options expiry and smaller denomination 
contracts, and monthly options on the MCX iCOMDEX Bullion Index. 
 These initiatives reflect our continued focus on expanding product breadth 
while enhancing liquidity and risk management efficiency for all participants. 
New participants by way of new members, FPI’s as well as domestic financial 
institutions also contributed to the healthy uptick in our volumes. 
 Throughout this phase, we remain firmly guided by higher standards of 
governance, compliance and market integrity. Our priority continues to be 
delivering a robust, transparent and resilient marketplace that creates long -
term value for hedgers, investors, members and all our stakeholders. 
 As we look ahead, we are confident in our strategic direction and operational 
readiness to support this excellent phase of growth in India's commodity 
derivatives market. We  are committed to innovation, prudent risk 
management and sustainable value creation. We extend our sincere gratitude 
to all stakeholders, regulators, member brokers, vendors and partners and 
associates for their continued and unwavering support towards MCX. 
 With this, I conclude the opening remarks and look forward to an interesting 
discussion in the following Q&A session. 

--- page 6 ---
 Multi Commodity Exchange of India Limited 
  January 27, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 23 
 
Public 
Moderator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question-and-
answer session. We take the first question from the line of Devesh Agarwal 
from IIFL Capital. 
Devesh Agarwal: Firstly, heartiest congratulations to the entire team for a great set of results 
and numbers, very good numbers, ma'am. My first question, ma'am, is 
basically on this -- we see that the number of traded UCCs have seen a 
significant jump in this quarter on a sequential basis. Could you help us 
understand what is driving this growth? And do you expect these numbers to 
grow even in the upcoming quarters? 
Praveena Rai: Thank you, Devesh, for the appreciation, we'll certainly pass it on to the entire 
MCX team. We have at the heart of this growth in UCCs, 2 contributing 
factors. One is really an exercise in exploring and aligning the user experience 
across members for commodity derivatives trading. 
 So we did identify early on that experiences like a common ledger, front 
screen experience for a retail member, a retail participant, their important 
criteria and in reality viewing experiences end-to-end, there is a fair amount 
of activity that our teams have taken, but more importantly, members have 
looked at the opportunity that they seek for commodity derivatives market, 
what their users are looking for and aligned the e xperience to be a common 
experience, be it equity investing or commodity derivatives investing. 
 So, we believe that's one of the drivers of the uptick. Alongside that is also 
the fact of new members who have come into our fold that has contributed 
to new UCCs coming in along with those members. 
 So, both of these are driving factors. I think at least for rest of the year, we do 
expect to see a certain momentum continuing. And when I say rest of the 
year, let's say, for some time now, we expect this momentum to continue 
because there is headroom from where we stand today to what is the 
potential. 
Devesh Agarwal: Ma'am, in the new members that you mentioned, when you speak about the 
headroom, are you talking about more headroom within the new members 

--- page 7 ---
 Multi Commodity Exchange of India Limited 
  January 27, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 23 
 
Public 
who have joined, which can grow further? Or there are also other members 
who may be big or active on equity and haven't started offering commodities, 
even on that account, we have potential? 
Praveena Rai: Yes. I think headroom is both. Headroom comes from both at a larger business 
level. But certainly, when it comes to UCCs and you see participation at India 
level, we see headroom there. 
Devesh Agarwal: Sure, sure. My next question would be, ma'am, we've seen that this quarter, 
particularly, the gold and silver delivery has increased on our platform. So, 
one, I wanted to understand, does these additional deliveries lead to some 
additional cost for the company? And other is basically in an event, if there's 
a short delivery that happens, what will be the liability on the exchange? 
Praveena Rai: So -- no, there is no additional cost to the company because these are 
managed as part of warehouse negotiations and what participants pay for the 
services. And we are quite happy to see this sort of healthy delivery happen 
despite global conditions at a point in time. It was a very active management 
from the exchange as well. 
 The second question on what could be a potential impact of short delivery, 
there are guidelines and rules that manage that circumstance, by way of 
penalties and so on and so forth. So, these are well-established processes, 
and they have happened in the past, and they happen on an as-and-when 
basis depending on market conditions, and we are well equipped to handle 
that. 
Devesh Agarwal: Ma'am, so far, are there any instances in the last 3, 4 months where there has 
been short deliveries? 
Praveena Rai: No, nothing abnormal. 
Devesh Agarwal: Right. And with this increased activity, both in futures and options turnover, 
what kind of technological enhancement would you be required to do? And 
what is the capex that you intend to spend to build up more capacity? 

--- page 8 ---
 Multi Commodity Exchange of India Limited 
  January 27, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 23 
 
Public 
Praveena Rai: Yes. So Devesh, I think this is an ongoing exercise. This is a question, I think, 
probably in the last 2 quarters also, we've discussed. So, with growth and 
more importantly, with the expectation of growth is the continuous need to 
keep our technology up to date, ready for high resilience, high availability, 
high scalability, fully functional to manage all the volatility as well as growth 
that the environment offers. So, we will continue to be in investment mode 
as we have been in the past. And we see that as necessary, but also a positive 
part of where we stand in the business. 
Devesh Agarwal: Any particular metric that it's tracked ma'am , in terms of the order that the 
system can handle? And what has been the build-out that has happened over 
the last, say, 12 months or probably the peak orders that we have seen this 
quarter versus that, what is the capacity that we have at this point in time? 
Praveena Rai: Yes, we've seen significant increase in our order volumes this quarter. I don't 
have the numbers handy right in front of me, but we have seen them 
significant, and we have held strong, thanks to investments of the past, and 
we continue to have very strong oversight over w hat is required for the 
future. 
 And these are very BAU activities, let me put it that way. So, we are not in a 
phase where we are looking at growth as a one-time measure. It's every 
quarter activity. So, it will continue to persist. Yes, continue to persist in an 
efficient manner. 
Moderator: We take the next question from the line of Amit Chandra from HDFC 
Securities. 
Amit Chandra: Very strong numbers, ma'am and congratulations to the whole team for this. 
My first question is on the volume uptick that we have seen. So obviously, 
every month, we are seeing a new high. And obviously, in terms of the mix 
also, it has been fairly distributed wherein both the energy contracts, and the 
bullion contracts are contributing. 
 But from here on, we also mentioned that we're also focusing on the metals 
contract as well because as we see some decline in the volatility, we want the 

--- page 9 ---
 Multi Commodity Exchange of India Limited 
  January 27, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 23 
 
Public 
portfolio to be more diversified. Obviously, it has been, but the strategy in 
terms of increasing volumes on the metals contract. So, what's the update 
there? 
 And also, in terms of the indices and the index options, we have launched, but 
we are seeing very, very minimal traction there. Obviously, we had some 
challenges there in terms of participation. But any update there where we are 
in terms of the index option side? 
Praveena Rai: Thanks Amit. Rishi will just take your questions on this. 
Rishi Nathany: Yes, Amit. To answer your first question on base metals, it's not just base 
metals, we have 4 segments, as you know, agri, metals, bullion and energy, 
and we are trying to focus on all of them. In base metals, we've already seen 
traction in the copper futures and options. We are seeing a lot of traction on 
the zinc options and futures as well. 
 Nickel, which we launched this year only, now we are seeing good volumes 
and a healthy buildup of OI. So, in terms of base metals also, I'm sure we are 
getting there as we speak. On the index, while we did launch index options, 
we haven't seen the kind of traction we were expecting, however, on index 
futures, we have seen good traction building up, and we hope that once the 
futures get good momentum, options will follow. 
Amit Chandra: Okay. And ma'am, on the question of the participation in terms of the credit 
UCCs that we have seen a very sharp increase. Obviously, this is because of 
onboarding of new members. But in this quarter, we have seen the full 3 -
month impact of the new member, which has been added. And also, in terms 
of the overall TAM because if you see on the other exchanges, equity 
exchanges, this number is almost 5x higher in terms of the people who are 
trading on options. So how do we see this? 
 And also, in terms of the newer people who are coming and trading on MCX, 
these are mostly retail HNIs. Any like profiling if you can share? Because in 
terms of the mix, we are not seeing the FPI or the institutional participation 
increasing, only the client and th e others. So, the mix has been fairly stable. 

--- page 10 ---
 Multi Commodity Exchange of India Limited 
  January 27, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 23 
 
Public 
So, is it only because of the volatility these people have come in and traded? 
And how do you see the stickiness of these people in the longer term? 
Praveena Rai: Yes, Amit. So, Amit, I think the UCC number, of course, is a number that 
subsumes many of the other FPI’s and sort of other participants because this 
number is in lakhs and those numbers are in double digits. So over here, I will 
say that there is headroom to the extent that there are more investors in the 
market and there is interest in the investors. 
 At the same time, we don't believe commodities is something that's going to 
be for one and all, and the entire market that today trades is an addressable 
audience. So, to that extent, at some point, once we have reached a certain 
level of maturity with UCCs, this will start flattening out. but we still see 
headroom for growth there. With reference to other members, I think you 
can't look at UCC numbers to gauge that impact. We do see impact from other 
categories as well coming in. 
Amit Chandra: And just a follow-up on this, ma'am. Is it also because obviously, the volatility 
is so high in the market in terms of the bullion and the other contracts as well. 
Plus, there is an advantage in terms of , that the cost of trading for 
commodities have become lower versus equities in terms of the taxation, STT 
is like 2x of CTT. 
 And also, in terms of the size of the contracts for the commodities, especially 
the mini contracts are much lower than what it is there in equity. So, this is 
also structurally helping us in getting and attracting more retail customers. 
So, any views on this? 
Praveena Rai: No, what you said is just factual statements and has been there for a while. 
So, we really don't have a view on what this is doing specifically now. 
Moderator: We take the next question from the line of Prayesh Jain from Motilal Oswal 
Financial Services Limited. 
Prayesh Jain: Firstly, congratulations on a great set of numbers. Ma'am, the first question 
is an extension to the previous one. Base metals, we've seen a jump, and we 

--- page 11 ---
 Multi Commodity Exchange of India Limited 
  January 27, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 23 
 
Public 
earlier had alluded to the challenge in base metals with respect to the 
multiple numbers of delivery centers. Have we, in any form modified that and 
consolidated the number of delivery centers? What has really caused the 
sudden increase in base metal volumes? Yes, that will be my first question. 
Praveena Rai: Yes. So, we have seen increase in base metals volumes. There is a quarter-on-
quarter growth of 156% with a year-on-year of 77%. This upswing, of course, 
in the context of volatility, there are a couple of actions that we took explicitly. 
Number one was consolidati ng warehouses. We've done that for copper. 
Copper has moved to a single warehouse. 
 This was based on the study of numbers of deliveries that happened across 
warehouses and also the market feedback that we had from the members 
that they were looking for this kind of modus operandi to simplify the contract 
transparency for them. So that has helped. 
 We've also had a lot of market engagement with reference to GST sort of 
queries, if I may call it that. So, some lack of awareness amongst participants 
on how to handle GST as part of deliveries and so on and so forth was also 
another important initiative that we have been taking and sp ecifically in the 
last quarter. 
 In addition to this, of course, this is the broader outreach engagement, 
number of members have set up commodity desks, they are very active. So, I 
think we are also in the midst of a bit of capacity building around 
commodities, the broader ecosystem. So, all these 3 put together, along with 
the environment around volatility of metals and of course, the demand for 
base metals in the industrial space have all contributed to this. 
Prayesh Jain: And do you plan to extend this -- the change that you've done for copper to 
other base metals as well about the single delivery center? 
Praveena Rai: So, we are reviewing and we are consolidating. Nickel, for example, is 
operating in one center only as a relaunched new contract, which also had 
that other element of differential trading unit and delivery unit that was also 
an action taken specific to Nickel. That started to give us good results on 

--- page 12 ---
 Multi Commodity Exchange of India Limited 
  January 27, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 23 
 
Public 
Nickel. On some of the other contracts also, we have started consolidating 
the primary warehouse and reviewing the other warehouses and some that 
are not very effective are also being rationalized. 
Prayesh Jain: Got that. Ma'am, and... 
Moderator: Prayesh, I would request you to please rejoin the question queue. We take 
the next question from the line of Chintan Sheth from Girik Capital. 
Chintan Sheth: Congrats to the team for the great set of numbers, even the January numbers 
looks really -- the momentum continues to be pretty strong. So, in that 
context, ma'am, if you could elaborate on product launches you alluded to in 
the past, if you can further give us an update, which are the contracts which 
-- or new launches, which one can expect from here on? That's one. 
 And second, on the SGF, given the volumes rising, we have seen this 
consistency as a percentage of revenue that is what one should expect going 
forward? That's another -- that's the second one. And lastly, the bookkeeping 
one. If you can split the revenue  between the futures opti ons would be 
helpful? Yes, those are the 3, and I will join the queue. 
Praveena Rai: Yes. So Chintan, the question you had on futures and options, Chandresh, 
could you just provide those numbers? 
Chandresh Shah: Yes. Chintan, the revenue from futures was INR 227 crores for this quarter 
and options INR 380 crores. 
Praveena Rai: And with reference to expense numbers, Chintan, we do believe that our 
expenses are lagging our growth in terms of what we really need, both from 
a technology and operating standpoint as we work towards the business 
opportunity -- sustained business opportunity as well as what the economic 
environment requires, what our market requires. 
 So, we will be looking to normalize this over time, not necessarily from the 
standpoint of exactly where we stand. And I can tell you that operating  

--- page 13 ---
 Multi Commodity Exchange of India Limited 
  January 27, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 23 
 
Public 
expenses on a quarter basis is very difficult to comment on. So, I think we'll 
wait for the year-end to play out there. 
 But we are in the midst of planning for our next year, looking at sustaining the 
momentum of growth. And what will we need to do, what is the demands and 
requirements of the market for us to really use this opportunity to shape the 
market from an Indian commodity derivatives situation. This is an opportunity 
for us to take a lot o f proactive steps, and we will be doing that in a manner 
that is efficient and contributing to our bottom line. 
Chintan Sheth: And lastly, on the launches, if you can update us on... 
Praveena Rai: Launches to come is a little difficult to comment on, Chintan. We are focused 
on stabilizing the launches that we have made, and we do have a healthy 
pipeline, but we will look to time it on the back of our internal process as well 
as our gauge of the right timing for the particular product and market. 
Moderator: We take the next question from the line of Ansuman Deb from ICICI Securities. 
Ansuman Deb: Congrats on great set of numbers. I have 2 questions. One is on the -- again, 
on the SGF side. So, any quantification of the kind of SGF we would require 
because the volumes have increased significantly or any policy towards that? 
That is one. 
 And second is in terms of the ability to handle these volumes, you said that 
expenses is BAU as usual and you keep on investing. But on the current state 
of affairs, can we -- is it -- can we have any numbers in the sense, for example,  
if the options goes to INR 1.5 trillion or INR 2 trillion plus futures -- sorry, 
futures goes to INR 1.5 trillion or INR 2 trillion per day or the future -- the 
premium goes to maybe INR 15,000 crores ADT or INR 20,000 crores. So, any 
volume levels till which we are comfortably placed? So, these are the 2 
questions. 
Chandresh Shah: So Ansuman, on the SGF, so -- see, SGF is a requirement prescribed by SEBI. 
So, for SGF contribution, we keep looking at the requirements and we keep 

--- page 14 ---
 Multi Commodity Exchange of India Limited 
  January 27, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 23 
 
Public 
strengthening it as it helps in providing safety net to ensure that the 
transactions are complete and there are no participant defaults. Even if the 
participant defaults, we can conclude the transaction. So, in a different way, 
strong SGF also gives us some flexibility to manage margin requirements from 
members. 
Ansuman Deb: But any quantification on the requirement, or no? 
Chandresh Shah: No, no. 
Ansuman Deb: And on the volume levels at which we can think like it's comfortably placed as 
of now? 
Praveena Rai: Yes. So, we are well placed for a certain multiple of the volume that we have 
faced right now. And I'm saying faced because it's been a big multiple over 
the previous quarter and that quarter over the previous quarter and so on. So 
if you look at this kind of a mo mentum, we are well placed for at least 3 x to 
4x kind of a volume. 
 But our intention and objective is to really be ready for more. In fact, market 
is telling us to be ready for a 10x volume. We've spoken about it also. So that's 
the kind of readiness that over time in an efficient manner that we will build 
up. 
Moderator: We take the next question from the line of Akhilesh Bhatter from Ampersand 
Capital. 
Akhilesh Bhatter: I had a question regarding the margin requirement. So, given the increase in 
volatility in gold prices, silver prices, precious metals, so do you anticipate any 
increase in margin requirement required by the regulator? I just want to 
understand how does that function? 
Praveen DG: The margins are actually dependent on -- I think you know that one of the 
primary factor is volatility. That is what decides your initial margin. And apart 
from that one, we also have additional margins and ELM. So, there is -- fixed 
formula is there, it is more driven and it is -- that means we look at what is 

--- page 15 ---
 Multi Commodity Exchange of India Limited 
  January 27, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 23 
 
Public 
the price movement in each of the commodity and the basis that on VAR 
based margins are going to be levied. 
Praveena Rai: It's part of standard process. Every day, there is a margin calculation that 
happens based on current volatility price and so on and so forth. And 
immediately, that is then applied to market. So, it's not a one -off activity, 
though if we see the need and the requirement, there is an additional margin 
over and above that also -- that gets levied. It's an ongoing activity. 
Akhilesh Bhatter: Got it. So essentially, the risk that you are exposed to in terms of a participant 
honoring their transaction is very low because of the margin requirement  
systems that you have in place? 
Praveen DG: Yes. And we also do that M2M anyway, like because it happens on a daily 
basis. That why it is like the risk is limited to only not more than a day -- single 
day, and that is well covered using the initial margin, which is the basis of our 
margins. 
Praveena Rai: The regulatory framework, which defines the margin calculation and India is 
a conservative market in that sense. So our margins are the highest in the 
world and tend to go up quite steeply as volatility steps in. While this does 
lead to some sort of a cons traint in the industry with members having to 
cough up larger sums for margin, it keeps us well managed from a risk 
standpoint. And of course, in addition to that is the SGF framework. So, both 
working hand-in-hand keeps us both MCX and MCXCCL very well protected as 
an exchange and clearing house. 
Moderator: We take the next question from the line of Ankur M. from Old Rice 
Investment. 
Ankur M.: Yes. So, when we are launching derivative on aluminum, Nickel, if you can 
guide there? And second, electricity derivative market share is low for MCX 
compared to NSE. So, are we planning to launch options there in order to gain 
some market share? Thank you. 
Rishi Nathany: Ankur, what was your first question? 

--- page 16 ---
 Multi Commodity Exchange of India Limited 
  January 27, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 23 
 
Public 
Praveena Rai: When will we launch in aluminum, etc.? 
Rishi Nathany: Options, okay. Okay. So, Ankur, for all products, there is a threshold of non -
agri for INR 1,000 crores ADT in a complete 1-year cycle, post which only we 
can apply. So, whether it's aluminum or electricity, whichever contracts will 
we cross that INR 1,000 crores ADT threshold on futures, then only we can 
apply for options. So, we are ceased of that matter. And as and when we cross 
that threshold and we see that there is appetite in the market, we will 
definitely work towards that. 
Praveena Rai: The electricity... 
Rishi Nathany: Yes. And in terms of electricity, while the volumes, whatever they are showing 
are participation from clients is very high as compared to our other contracts 
available in the market. And we do look forward to adding more and more 
value chain participants to our contract. So, we are sure that we will definitely 
see more traction in terms of growth. 
Moderator: We take the next question from the line of Sanketh Godha from Avendus 
Spark. 
Sanketh Godha: Sir, my first question is more on product license fees. See, we saw a significant 
growth in the revenue on a quarter-on-quarter basis, but our product license 
fees hardly grew. And if I do it as a percentage of the transaction income, it 
comes around 4.1% for the quarter and while it has been in the range of 6 to 
7 percentage for previous 5, 6 quarters. 
So, I just wanted to understand how this exactly works, whether the license 
fees, what we pay grows in line with the revenue or it has a fixed slab and 
then incremental percentage what you pay for the licenses grows at a 
meaningful very low rate. Just if you can give a color on how it works, it will 
be useful. That's my first question. 
 And second question is out of this INR 665 crores, I think INR 601 crores is 
transaction income. How much is coming from core float income, investment 

--- page 17 ---
 Multi Commodity Exchange of India Limited 
  January 27, 2026 
 
Page 16 of 23 
 
Public 
-- float income that is from the margin money, not the other income? So, if 
you can answer these 2 questions, it will be useful. 
Praveena Rai: Yes. So, in terms of product license fee is -- you can read it off from the 
numbers on energy because we settle off international prices working with 
CME. So that's the part that contributes to product license fees, r ight? So, 
when bullion grows, et c., that doesn't lead to any direct cost to us because 
we settle on our own prices. Float income, Chandresh... 
Chandresh Shah: It is around INR 45 crores. 
Sanketh Godha: Okay. It's around INR 45 crores. Fine. And lastly, ma'am, if I can squeeze one. 
From September to December and to January, I know that silver has seen a 
margin increase in the month of -- in third quarter. But any other product 
which has seen margin requirement going other than  silver in third quarter 
and even January till date? 
Praveena Rai: Yes, yes, number of products. In fact, wherever volatility has been higher, it's 
gone up in gold, it's gone up in copper... 
Rishi Nathany: Copper and even other metals gain -- natural gas. 
Praveena Rai: In natural gas, sorry, I don't have a list in front of us, but it's gone up in a 
number of commodities. 
Sanketh Godha: And it has been increased by a percentage or so on a broader basis? I just 
wanted to check that. 
Praveena Rai: It's a percentage or more... 
Sanketh Godha: 7% initial margin has gone to 8%, 9%, delta change, I mean to ask how much 
it can... 
Praveen DG: Silver if you take it is around 25%, then you have an additional margin. So gold 
is around I think around 10%, it is. So, it purely depends upon the volatility in 
that commodity. 

--- page 18 ---
 Multi Commodity Exchange of India Limited 
  January 27, 2026 
 
Page 17 of 23 
 
Public 
Sanketh Godha: And, reversal of it, for example, if tomorrow volatility cools off, is it easy to 
reverse this or it stays for a longer time? 
Praveen DG: Yes. No, no, it is actually volatile based margin that basis that one 
automatically calculates what is the volatility in that margin because we use 
EWMA model. So, basis that one, it will estimate what could be the probable 
volatility and accordingly, the margins will be levied. So, the moment if there 
is a downtrend in the volatility, automatically, the margins would come down. 
Moderator: We take the next question from the line of Parikshit Gupta from Fair Value 
Capital. 
Parikshit Gupta: Congratulations on a great set of results. Most of my questions have been 
answered. But just one on the risk to our monopolistic position, especially in 
bullion. We all know what is happening with IEX, although we are governed 
by a different regulatory bod y. But do you anticipate any similar risks of 
maybe sharing the price discovery for MCX, if that -- if you could please 
articulate on that, please? 
Praveena Rai: Parikshit, competition risk does exist because other exchanges are also vying 
for share in this space. So we are cognizant of it, and we respect the 
environment in which we are operating. We do believe as long as we stay 
focused on our growth and innovative in our approach to products that meet 
the needs of the market, continue to grow participation, deliver to both 
technology, operational and risk management needs, we are well positioned 
to act as the commodity derivative exchange for India. 
Parikshit Gupta: I understand. Just a quick follow -up on this, please. Has there been any 
activity from SEBI or any intimation which I shared with you about splitting 
the overall pie of the market as you may put it? 
Praveena Rai: We don't have any information like that, Parikshit. 
Moderator: We take the next question from the line of Anand Dhaskaran from Ksema 
Wealth. 

--- page 19 ---
 Multi Commodity Exchange of India Limited 
  January 27, 2026 
 
Page 18 of 23 
 
Public 
Anand Dhaskaran: Good evening, can you hear me? 
Chandresh Shah: Yes, we can hear you. 
Anand Dhaskaran: Yes, congrats on the good set of numbers. I have 2 questions. One is a follow-
up to the previous one. Can you just repeat the breakup for the futures and 
options revenue please just once again for Q3 FY '26? 
Chandresh Shah: So Q3 futures revenue is INR 227 crores and options revenue is INR 380 
crores. 
Anand Dhaskaran: INR 380 crores? 
Chandresh Shah: Yes. 
Anand Dhaskaran: Okay. That was one thing. And second is regarding the new index options have 
been launched in this quarter, the AD TV has come for this quarter. What do 
you see the ADTV can be, let's say, in the next 3, 4 years or so on an average 
basis? 
Rishi Nathany: Anand, we won't be able to comment on the estimated ADT. But what we 
have seen in this quarter is, yes, there is a good performance in terms of 
futures turnover in case of a BULLDEX. 
Anand Dhaskaran: So, you're saying the future delivery -- like say in -- for options, the ADTV will 
be kind of mirroring for the futures? 
Rishi Nathany: So, Anand, the options, frankly, hasn't taken off to that extent as yet. It takes 
time for contracts to build and develop. For example, when we launched 
Nickel, it took time. Now we are seeing the results after many months. 
Similarly, we have to give everything time. But what is heartening to see is 
that the futures have seen traction. And hopefully, we will see traction in 
options as well as we go forward. 
Moderator: We take the next question from the line of Prayesh Jain from Motilal Oswal 
Financial Services Limited. 

--- page 20 ---
 Multi Commodity Exchange of India Limited 
  January 27, 2026 
 
Page 19 of 23 
 
Public 
Prayesh Jain: The first question here is on the regulators talking about more participation 
of banks and other financial institutions on the commodities front. Any 
conversations that you've been having with the regulators to kind of what are 
the things needed for new participants to kind of come into this bandwagon 
and whether is MCX equipped to kind of give that? Yes, that would be my first 
question. 
Praveena Rai: Yes, Prayesh, these are ongoing conversations we have had and are having, 
but they are, of course, under regulatory consideration. We won't have 
anything more to share on this. 
Prayesh Jain: Got that. And secondly, again, I think I've been asking this question on almost 
every call. Anything on the co-location facilities, which currently are not being 
allowed for us. Is there any conversation with the regulator on this and 
whether this can be extended to us? 
Praveena Rai: Same question, same answer, yes. It is under regulatory purview, yes. So 
there's really not much for us. 
Prayesh Jain: Presentations made about allowing that. And I think that is one of the key 
elements for you to grow the FPI as a segment. Is that the understanding? 
Praveena Rai: So FPI ’s are onboarding  and FPI ’s volume is also growing. We are seeing 
renewed interest in FPI, maybe after the Jane Street situation when a little bit 
of a lull was there, we are seeing that renewed interest coming. So again, 
conversation per se is an ongoing one. We wouldn't be able to comment on 
that. 
Moderator: We take the next question from the line of Vedant Sarda from Nirmal Bang 
Securities Private Limited. 
Vedant Sarda: Congratulations on a great set of numbers. My question is based on the 
previous participant's query only. Though we are well positioned in the overall 
ecosystem. And we have not received any kind of intimation from any 
regulatory authority on different mar ket participants entering into the 
segment. But how do we see this risk? 

--- page 21 ---
 Multi Commodity Exchange of India Limited 
  January 27, 2026 
 
Page 20 of 23 
 
Public 
Praveena Rai: No, the risk is real. I think we appreciate it and we respect it. We need to be 
prepared for it. And we are doing that by sort of enhanced activity, both on 
our product and the participation end. We have also increased a lot of market 
outreach with awarene ss programs, knowledge sharing programs with our 
members, continued innovation on the technology road map. So, I think the 
way to really hold forth is to be very positive and forward -looking in our 
approach and actions, and make sure we are executing to our plans. 
Moderator: We take the next question from the line of Aditi Parmar from iWealth Fund. 
Aditi Parmar: Ma'am, congratulations on a good set of numbers. Just wanted to verify that 
the revenue for our futures and options was INR 227 crores and INR 380 
crores, respectively. So, if you take the balancing figure, that comes to nearly 
about INR 58 crores. And historically, like if you see a quarterly trend that has 
always been INR 30 crores, INR 37 crores. So, what is the reason for the 
increase for the same? 
Praveena Rai: Thanks, Aditi. Chandresh? 
Chandresh Shah: Yes. So, Aditi, that includes the float income and some other income, 
warehousing income from our subsidiary. 
Aditi Parmar: And sir, like if -- for the other cost, if I remove the software and technical 
expenses, product licenses and the contribution to SGF, then the other cost, 
which comes down to is near about INR 23 crores. So, could you explain the 
reason for the increase in this other cost? 
Chandresh Shah: So, Aditi, other expenses largely relate to administrative and office costs, CSR 
spend, legal professional fees, travel, business promotion activities. So, the 
increase is towards those activities only to increase the volume of business. 
Moderator: We take the next question from the line of Aditya Yadav from Transient 
Capital. 
Aditya Yadav: Congratulations to the management team. It's been a great execution in the 
past few quarters and plus the market conditions have also been providing a 

--- page 22 ---
 Multi Commodity Exchange of India Limited 
  January 27, 2026 
 
Page 21 of 23 
 
Public 
sort of tailwind. So yes, great quarter. My question was mainly on the 
dividend front. Any, I mean, plans or discussions to probably increase the 
dividend payout ratio as a percentage of net profits because I suppose now 
as the volumes have taken off and everything. 
 So, we have a lot of free cash flow generation and probably taking in the 
technology investments also, which we've spoken about will be required. But 
again, beyond that also, we have a lot of free cash. So, I mean, what are the 
thoughts around that? 
Praveena Rai: Yes. So, Aditya, I think it's -- this is a decision we'll take after the end of the 
year. We are in growth mode. We will take various requirements for capital 
into account as we look at what's the right thing to do from a dividend 
standpoint. So please hold until that point. 
Aditya Yadav: And my second question is on the margin front. Do we see further operating 
leverage in the business as our volumes, they continue to scale up. And as 
you've mentioned, that at least in the near term, you see the momentum on 
the volumes and the client codes going up to continue? Do we see more 
operating leverage? 
Praveena Rai: So, we see good business momentum. We will also be looking to make sure 
that our spends do catch up with the growth, be it in the operating side as 
well as the technology side. It's very important for us to do this to be -- to 
deliver to the kind of volumes that come in. So, there will be efficiency, and I 
think a lot of efficiency is already there on the table. But we will have expenses 
and spends commensurate with revenues as well as more importantly, with 
what are -- what is needed for the execution of our plans. 
Moderator: We take the next question from the line of Shrenik Mehta from IndoAlps 
Wealth. 
Shrenik Mehta: Just wanted to check a little bit of an understanding of how this will work 
when the prices for, especially the gold and silver, may possibly come down. 
Do you see a co-relationship between the past growth of gold and silver prices 
with this increased activity in your company? 

--- page 23 ---
 Multi Commodity Exchange of India Limited 
  January 27, 2026 
 
Page 22 of 23 
 
Public 
Praveena Rai: So, the global factors around price volatility will play a role in addition to other 
contributing factors of participation, products and so on. So, whether it is 
price up or price down, volatility will bring in factors where the derivative 
exchange has a role to play. Having said that, if the extent of volatility were 
to sort of completely normalize, we will see the momentum of growth steady, 
though we do believe we will have new baseline over which the growth will 
be happening. 
 Now having said that, I think this is where we draw comfort from the various 
segments in which we are operating. So, there have been periods of time 
where energy has been volatile, and the exchange has played a role there. In 
recent times, we have seen bullion being far mo re volatile and exchange 
there. 
 So, I think these macro factors will play a role. The macro factors also have a 
perspective of sort of various segments playing out in the global and domestic 
markets and the sort of level up baseline that we believe that we will have. 
So, all of these will play a role. 
Shrenik Mehta: So, I mean just hypothetically thinking of a situation where, say, for next few 
quarters, the price for bullion, both gold and silver doesn't increase, remains 
flat or comes down. In that scenario also, do you see that what you have in 
terms of volumes curren tly are the baseline and you would only grow from 
here? Or do you see a possibility for a decline in the volumes as well, more 
specifically? 
Praveena Rai: See, we can't give any forward-looking forecast on either price or the sort of 
scenario you're drawing out. It's a difficult one to say. As I said, volatility is the 
broader environment in which the exchange plays a role. Will volatility 
become 0 globally is not a prediction that we can make, and it hasn't 
happened so far. 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, we take the last question from the line of Abhishek 
Jain from Shikherjee Advisors. 

--- page 24 ---
 Multi Commodity Exchange of India Limited 
  January 27, 2026 
 
Page 23 of 23 
 
Public 
Abhishek Jain: So very good numbers from your side. No, I have -- most of the questions are 
just answered. So, no questions from my side. 
Praveena Rai: Thank you, Abhishek. 
Moderator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, with that, we conclude the question -and-
answer session. I now hand the conference over to Ms. Praveena Rai for her 
closing comments. 
Praveena Rai: Thank you very much to everybody for participating. These interactions are 
very valuable. I think it also helps us to reflect with your questions as much as 
we have to offer in the kind of commentary you ask of us. I hope the 
interactions have been useful in helping you understand both our business as 
well as the various drivers that are implied and impacting the results that you 
have seen. So, look forward to staying connected until next time. 
Moderator: Thank you. On behalf of Multi Commodity Exchange of India Limited, that 
concludes this conference call. Thank you for joining us, and you may now 
disconnect your lines. 