

--- page 1 ---
MULTI COMMODITY EXCHANGE OF INDIA LTD. 
EXCHANGE SQUARE, SUREN ROAD, ANDHERI (EAST), MUMBAI 400 093, INDIA. TEL: +91-22-6731 8888, FAX: +91-22-66494151, www.mcxindia.com 
CIN: L51909MH2002PLC135594, info@mcxindia.com
 
MCX/SEC/2739  August 26, 2026 
Listing Department 
BSE Limited, 
P.J. Towers, Dalal Street, 
Mumbai - 400001 
Scrip code: 534091, Scrip ID: MCX 
Subject: Submission of Annual Report and Notice of Annual General Meeting of the 
Company for FY 2025-26 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
This is further to our letter dated August 04, 2026, wherein the Company had informed that the 
24th Annual General Meeting of the Company is scheduled to be held on Thursday,  September 
17, 2026, through Video Conferencing or other Audio-Visual means, in accordance with the 
relevant circulars issued by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs and Securities and Exchange Board 
of India.  
Pursuant to Regulation 34(1) of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed the Annual Report of the Company for the Financial 
Year 2025-26 along with the Notice of the 24th Annual General Meeting of the Company, which 
is being sent through electronic mode to the Members. 
The Annual report containing the Notice of the 24 th AGM is also uploaded on the Company’s 
website at https://www.mcxindia.com/investor-relations and the same shall also be available on 
the website of NSDL at www.evoting.nsdl.com  
Request you to kindly take the same on record. 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully,  
For Multi Commodity Exchange of India Limited 
Manisha Thakur 
Company Secretary 

--- page 2 ---
1
NOTICE is hereby given that the 24 th Annual General Meeting 
(“AGM”) of Shareholders of Multi Commodity Exchange of 
India Limited (“Company or Exchange or MCX”) will be held on 
Thursday, September 17, 2026, at 12.15 p.m. IST through 
Video Conferencing (“VC”)/ Other Audio-Visual Means (“OAVM”) 
facility, to transact the following business:
ORDINARY BUSINESS:
1. To receive, consider and adopt:
 a.   A udited Standalone Financial Statements of the 
Company for the Financial Year ended March 31, 
2026, together with the Reports of the Board of 
Directors and Auditors thereon.
 b .   A udited Consolidated Financial Statements of the 
Company for the Financial Year ended March 31, 
2026, and the Report of Auditors thereon.
NOTES:
1.  A n explanatory statement pursuant to section 102(1) 
of the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”) and Secretarial 
Standards - 2 (“SS-2”) with respect to Item No. 3, of the 
Notice is annexed hereto. Trading Members or their 
associates and agents as on the cut-off date shall not be 
eligible to vote on Item No. 3 of the Notice, pursuant to 
Regulation 2 (ka) of SEBI Securities Contracts (Regulation) 
(Stock Exchanges And Clearing Corporations) Regulations, 
2018.
2.  T he term ‘Members’ has been used to denote shareholders 
of the Company.
3.  P ursuant to the General Circular Nos. 20/2020, 2/2022, 
10/2022, 09/2023, 09/2024 and 03/2025 issued by the 
Ministry of Corporate Affairs (“MCA”) and relevant SEBI 
circulars, companies are allowed to hold AGM through  
VC/OAVM till further orders are issued, without the 
physical presence of Members at a common venue. Hence, 
in compliance with the provisions of the Act, SEBI (LODR) 
Regulations, 2015, MCA & SEBI Circulars, the 24 th AGM of 
the Company is being held through VC/OAVM. Members 
who wish to receive a physical copy of the Annual Report 
MUL TI COMMODITY EXCHANGE OF INDIA LIMITED
CIN: L51909MH2002PLC135594
Regd. Office: Exchange Square, Suren Road, Chakala, Andheri (East), Mumbai – 400093
Tel.: +91-22-6731 8888
Website: www.mcxindia.com; Email id: ig-mcx@mcxindia.com
NOTICE
2.  To declare a final dividend of `8/- per Equity Share of face 
value of ` 2/- each for the Financial Year ended March 31, 
2026.
3.  To appoint Mr. Mohan Shenoi (DIN: 01603606), Non-
Independent Director who retires by rotation at this AGM 
and being eligible, offers himself for re-appointment, 
subject to approval of Securities and Exchange Board of 
India (“SEBI”).
By Order of the Board of Directors 
For Multi Commodity Exchange of India Limited
Manisha Thakur
Mumbai Company Secretary
August 04, 2026 Membership No.: A10855
may request the same by sending an e-mail from their 
registered e-mail IDs to ig-mcx@mcxindia.com, quoting 
their Folio Number or DP ID and Client ID, as applicable. 
Requests received from e-mail IDs not registered with the 
Company/RTA/DPs will not be entertained. A separate 
request must be submitted for each Folio/DP ID-Client ID, 
and requests pertaining to multiple Folios/DP ID-Client ID 
combinations should be sent through separate e-mails.
  T he Notice is also uploaded on MCX’s website www.
mcxindia.com and that of National Securities Depository 
Limited (“NSDL ”) (agency for providing the Remote 
e-Voting facility) at www.evoting.nsdl.com
4.  T he deemed venue for the 24 th AGM shall be the registered 
office of the Company i.e. Exchange Square, Suren Road, 
Chakala, Andheri (East), Mumbai – 400093.
5.  P ursuant to the provisions of Section 108 of the Act, 
read with Rule 20 of the Companies (Management and 
Administration) Rules, 2014 (as amended and Regulation 
44 of SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015 (as amended), and 
the Circulars issued by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs 
and SEBI, from time to time, the Company is providing the 
facility of remote e-Voting to its Members in respect of the 

--- page 3 ---
2
AGM Notice
MCX Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
business to be transacted at the AGM. For this purpose, the 
Company has entered into an agreement with National 
Securities Depository Limited (“NSDL ”) for facilitating 
voting through electronic means, as the authorized 
agency. The facility of casting votes by a member using 
remote e-Voting system as well as voting on the day of the 
AGM will be provided by NSDL.
6.  T he Members can join the 24 th AGM in the VC/OAVM mode 
15 minutes before and after the scheduled time of the 
commencement of the Meeting by following the procedure 
mentioned in the Notice. The facility of participation at 
the 24th AGM through VC/OAVM will be made available for 
1,000 members on a first come first served basis. This will 
not include large Shareholders (Shareholders holding 2 % 
or more shareholding), Promoters, Institutional Investors, 
Directors, Key Managerial Personnel, the Chairpersons 
of the Audit Committee, Nomination and Remuneration 
Committee and Stakeholders Relationship Committee, 
Auditors, etc.,) who are allowed to attend the 24 th AGM 
without the above restriction of first come first serve basis.
7.  INSTRUCTIONS FOR E-VOTING AND JOINING THE AGM 
ARE AS FOLLOWS:
 a.   PR OCESS AND MANNER FOR VOTING THROUGH 
ELECTRONIC MEANS:
  i.   M embers of the Company holding shares 
in electronic form as on the cut-off date of 
Thursday, September 10, 2026, may cast their 
vote by remote e-voting. A person who is not 
a member as on the cut-off date should treat 
this Notice for information purpose only. A 
person whose name is recorded in the Register 
of Members or in the Register of Beneficial 
Owners maintained by the depositories as on 
the cut-off date only shall be entitled to avail 
the facility of remote e-voting before AGM as 
well as e-voting during the AGM. Any person 
who acquires shares of the Company and 
becomes a Member of the Company after the 
dispatch of the Notice and holding shares as 
on the cut-off date i.e. Thursday, September 10, 
2026, may obtain the User ID and Password by 
sending a request at evoting@nsdl.com
  ii.   M embers will be provided with the facility for 
voting through an electronic voting system 
during the AGM proceedings. Only such 
members who have not already cast their 
vote on the resolution(s) by remote e-voting, 
will be eligible to vote through the e-voting 
system during the AGM. Members who have 
cast their vote on the resolution(s) by remote 
e-voting prior to the AGM will also be eligible to 
participate at the AGM through VC/OAVM but 
shall not be entitled to cast their vote on such 
resolution(s) again. In case of joint holders, 
the Member whose name appears as the first 
holder in the order of names as per the Register 
of Members of the Company will be entitled to 
vote at the AGM.
  iii.   T he remote e-voting module on the day of the 
AGM shall be disabled by NSDL for voting 15 
minutes after the conclusion of the Meeting.
8.  INSTR UCTIONS FOR MEMBERS FOR REMOTE E-VOTING 
AND JOINING THE 24TH AGM ARE AS UNDER:
  T he remote e-voting period begins on Monday, September 
14, 2026, at 9:00 A.M. and ends on Wednesday, 
September 16, 2026, at 5:00 P .M.  The remote e-voting 
module shall be disabled by NSDL for voting thereafter. 
The Members, whose names appear in the Register of 
Members / Beneficial Owners as on the record date (cut-
off date) i.e. Thursday, September 10, 2026, may cast their 
vote electronically. The voting right of shareholders shall 
be in proportion to their share in the paid-up equity share 
capital of the Company as on the cut-off date, Thursday, 
September 10, 2026.
9.  PR OCEDURE FOR OBTAINING THE ANNUAL REPORT, 
E-AGM NOTICE AND E-VOTING INSTRUCTIONS BY THE 
SHAREHOLDERS WHOSE EMAIL ADDRESSES ARE NOT 
REGISTERED WITH THE DEPOSITORIES OR WITH RTA 
ON PHYSICAL FOLIOS:
  T he Notice convening this AGM along with the Annual 
Report is being sent by electronic mode to those Members 
whose e-mail address is registered with the Company’s 
Registrar and Transfer Agents, i.e., KFin Technologies 
Limited (“RTA”)/ Depository Participant(s) (“DP”), unless 
a member has specifically requested for a physical copy 
of the same. Members may kindly note that the Notice 
convening this AGM and the Annual Report will also be 
available on the Company’s website at www.mcxindia.
com, website of the Stock Exchange at www.bseindia.
com and on the website of the NSDL at www.evoting.nsdl.
com. Additionally, in accordance with Regulation 36(1)(b) 
of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015, the Company is also 
sending a letter to shareholders whose e-mail addresses 
are not registered with RTA/ DP providing the weblink 
of Company’s website from where the Annual Report 
can be accessed. Those shareholders who have not yet 
registered their email address are requested to get the 
same registered through the procedure given below:
 a)   T hose shareholders who have registered/not 
registered their email address and mobile number 
including communication address and bank details 
may please contact and validate/update their details 
with the Depository Participant in case of shares are 
held in electronic form and with the Company’s RTA 
in case the shares held in physical form.

--- page 4 ---
3
 b )   A lternatively member may send an e-mail request 
at the email id einward.ris@kfintech.com along 
with scanned copy of the duly signed request letter 
providing the folio number, email address, mobile 
number, self-attested PAN copy and Client Master 
copy in case of electronic folio and copy of share 
certificate in case of physical folio for obtaining the 
Annual report, Notice of e-AGM and the e-voting 
instructions.
 c)   P ursuant to Regulation 46 of the SECC Regulations, 
the securities of a Recognized Stock Exchange are 
required to be maintained in Demat mode. Physical 
shareholders are requested to convert their holdings to 
dematerialized form.
 d)   A s per the provisions of Section 72 of the Act, the 
facility for submitting nomination is available for 
Shareholders in respect of the shares held by them. 
Shareholders who have not yet registered their 
nomination are requested to register the same with 
their DP in case the shares are held by them in demat 
mode, and to Kfin, in case the shares are held in 
physical mode.
10.  H ow do I vote electronically using NSDL e-Voting 
system?
  T he way to vote electronically on NSDL e-Voting system 
consists of “Two Steps” which are mentioned below:
 S tep 1: Access to NSDL e-Voting system
 A)  Login method for e-Voting and joining virtual 
meeting for Individual shareholders holding 
securities in demat mode
   I n terms of SEBI circular dated 9 th December 2020 
on e-Voting facility provided by Listed Companies, 
Individual shareholders holding securities in 
demat mode are allowed to vote through their 
demat account maintained with Depositories and 
Depository Participants. Shareholders are advised 
to update their mobile number and email Id in their 
demat accounts in order to access e-Voting facility.
   L ogin method for Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode is given below:
Type of 
shareholders
 Login Method
Individual 
Shareholders 
holding 
securities in 
demat mode 
with NSDL
1.  F or OTP based login you can click on https://eservices.nsdl.com/SecureWeb/ evoting/evotinglogin.
jsp. You will have to enter your 8-digit DP ID,8-digit Client Id, PAN No., Verification code and 
generate OTP . Enter the OTP received on registered email id/mobile number and click on login. 
After successful authentication, you will be redirected to NSDL Depository site wherein you can 
see e-Voting page. Click on company name or e-Voting service provider i.e. NSDL and you will be 
redirected to e-Voting website of NSDL for casting your vote during the remote e-Voting period or 
joining virtual meeting & voting during the meeting.
2.  Existing ID eAS user can visit the e-Services website of NSDL Viz. https://eservices.nsdl.com either 
on a Personal Computer or on a mobile. On the e-Services home page click on the “Beneficial 
Owner” icon under “Login” which is available under ‘IDeAS’ section, this will prompt you to enter 
your existing User ID and Password. After successful authentication, you will be able to see e-Voting 
services under Value added services. Click on “Access to e-Voting” under e-Voting services and you 
will be able to see e-Voting page. Click on Company name or e-Voting service provider i.e. NSDL 
and you will be re-directed to e-Voting website of NSDL for casting your vote during the remote 
e-Voting period or joining virtual meeting & voting during the meeting.
3.  I f you are not registered for IDeAS e-Services, option to register is available at https://eservices.nsdl.
com. Select “Register Online for IDeAS Portal” or click at https://eservices.nsdl.com/SecureWeb/
IdeasDirectReg.jsp
4.  V isit the e-Voting website of NSDL. Open web browser by typing the following URL: https://www.
evoting.nsdl.com/ either on a Personal Computer or on a mobile. Once the home page of e-Voting 
system is launched, click on the icon “Login” which is available under ‘Shareholder/Member’ 
section. A new screen will open. You will have to enter your User ID (i.e. your sixteen digit demat 
account number hold with NSDL), Password/OTP and a Verification Code as shown on the screen. 
After successful authentication, you will be redirected to NSDL Depository site wherein you can 
see e-Voting page. Click on Company name or e-Voting service provider i.e. NSDL and you will be 
redirected to e-Voting website of NSDL for casting your vote during the remote e-Voting period or 
joining virtual meeting & voting during the meeting.

--- page 5 ---
4
AGM Notice
MCX Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
Type of 
shareholders
 Login Method
5.  Shar eholders/Members can also download NSDL Mobile App “NSDL Speede” facility by scanning 
the QR code mentioned below for seamless voting experience.
Individual 
Shareholders 
holding 
securities in 
demat mode 
with CDSL
1.  U sers who have opted for CDSL Easi / Easiest facility, can login through their existing user id and 
password. Option will be made available to reach e-Voting page without any further authentication. 
The users to login Easi /Easiest are requested to visit CDSL website www.cdslindia.com and click on 
login icon & New System Myeasi Tab and then use your existing my easi username & password.
2.  A fter successful login the Easi / Easiest user will be able to see the e-Voting option for eligible 
companies where the e-voting is in progress as per the information provided by Company. On 
clicking the evoting option, the user will be able to see e-Voting page of the e-Voting service 
provider for casting your vote during the remote e-Voting period or joining virtual meeting & 
voting during the meeting. Additionally, there is also links provided to access the system of all 
e-Voting Service Providers, so that the user can visit the e-Voting service providers’ website directly.
3.  I f the user is not registered for Easi/Easiest, option to register is available at CDSL website www.
cdslindia.com and click on login & New System Myeasi Tab and then click on registration option.
4.  A lternatively, the user can directly access e-Voting page by providing Demat Account Number 
and PAN No. from a e-Voting link available on www.cdslindia.com home page. The system will 
authenticate the user by sending OTP on registered Mobile & Email as recorded in the Demat 
Account. After successful authentication, user will be able to see the e-Voting option where the 
evoting is in progress and also able to directly access the system of all e-Voting Service Providers.
Individual 
Shareholders 
(holding 
securities in 
demat mode) 
login through 
their depository 
participants
You can also login using the login credentials of your demat account through your Depository 
Participant registered with NSDL/CDSL for e-Voting facility. Upon logging in, you will be able to see 
e-Voting option. Click on e-Voting option, you will be redirected to NSDL/CDSL Depository site after 
successful authentication, wherein you can see e-Voting feature. Click on Company name or e-Voting 
service provider i.e. NSDL and you will be redirected to e-Voting website of NSDL for casting your vote 
during the remote e-Voting period or joining virtual meeting & voting during the meeting.
   Important note: Members who are unable to retrieve User ID/ Password are advised to use Forget User ID and Forget 
Password option available at abovementioned website(s).
   H elpdesk for Individual Shareholders holding securities in demat mode for any technical issues related to login 
through Depository i.e. NSDL and CDSL 
Login type Helpdesk details
Individual Shareholders holding 
securities in demat mode with NSDL
Members facing any technical issue in login can contact NSDL helpdesk by sending 
a request at evoting@nsdl.com or call at 022 - 4886 7000
Individual Shareholders holding 
securities in demat mode with CDSL
Members facing any technical issue in login can contact CDSL helpdesk by sending a 
request at helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com or contact at toll free no. 1800-21-09911
 B)   Login Method for e-Voting and joining virtual meeting for shareholders other than Individual shareholders holding 
securities in demat mode and shareholders holding securities in physical mode.
  Ho w to Log-in to NSDL e-Voting website?
  1.   V isit the e-Voting website of NSDL. Open web browser by typing the following URL: https://www.evoting.nsdl.com/ 
either on a Personal Computer or on a mobile.
  2.   Onc e the home page of e-Voting system is launched, click on the icon “Login” which is available under ‘Shareholder/
Member’ section.

--- page 6 ---
5
  3.   A new scr een will open. You will have to enter your User ID, your Password/OTP and a Verification Code as shown on 
the screen.
   A lternatively, if you are registered for NSDL eservices i.e. IDEAS, you can log-in at https://eservices.nsdl.com/ with your 
existing IDEAS login. Once you log-in to NSDL eservices after using your log-in credentials, click on e-Voting and you can 
proceed to Step 2 i.e. Cast your vote electronically.
  4.  Y our User ID details are given below:
Manner of holding shares 
i.e. Demat (NSDL or CDSL) or 
Physical
Y our User ID is:
a) F or Members who hold 
shares in demat account 
with NSDL.
8 Character DP ID followed by 8 Digit Client ID
For example if your DP ID is IN300*** and Client ID is 12****** then your user ID is 
IN300***12******.
b) F or Members who hold 
shares in demat account 
with CDSL.
16 Digit Beneficiary ID
For example if your Beneficiary ID is 12************** then your user ID is 
12**************
c) F or Members holding 
shares in Physical Form.
EVEN Number followed by Folio Number registered with the Company
For example if folio number is 001*** and EVEN is 141187 then user ID is 141187001***
  5.   P assword details for shareholders other than 
Individual shareholders are given below:
   a)   I f you are already registered for e-Voting, 
then you can use your existing password 
to login and cast your vote.
   b )   I f you are using NSDL e-Voting system 
for the first time, you will need to 
retrieve the ‘initial password’ which was 
communicated to you. Once you retrieve 
your ‘initial password’ , you need to enter 
the ‘initial password’ and the system will 
force you to change your password.
   c)   Ho w to retrieve your ‘initial password’?
    (i)   I f your email ID is registered in 
your demat account or with the 
Company, your ‘initial password’ is 
communicated to you on your email 
ID. Trace the email sent to you from 
NSDL from your mailbox. Open the 
email and open the attachment 
i.e. a.pdf file. Open the.pdf file. The 
password to open the.pdf file is your 
8 digit client ID for NSDL account, 
last 8 digits of client ID for CDSL 
account or folio number for shares 
held in physical form. The.pdf file 
contains your ‘User ID’ and your 
‘initial password’ .
    (ii)   I f your email ID is not registered, 
please follow steps mentioned 
below in process for those 
shareholders whose email ids are 
not registered.
  6.   I f you are unable to retrieve or have not received 
the “ Initial password” or have forgotten your 
password:
   a)  Click on “ Forgot User Details/
Password?”(If you are holding shares in 
your demat account with NSDL or CDSL) 
option available on www.evoting.nsdl.
com.
   b)  Physical User Reset Password?” (If you 
are holding shares in physical mode) 
option available on www.evoting.nsdl.
com.
   c)   I f you are still unable to get the password 
by aforesaid two options, you can send a 
request at evoting@nsdl.com mentioning 
your demat account number/folio 
number, your PAN, your name and your 
registered address etc.
   d)   M embers can also use the OTP (One Time 
Password) based login for casting the 
votes on the e-Voting system of NSDL.
  7.   A fter entering your password, tick on Agree 
to “Terms and Conditions” by selecting on the 
check box.
  8.  No w, you will have to click on “Login” button.
  9.   A fter you click on the “Login” button, Home 
page of e-Voting will open.

--- page 7 ---
6
AGM Notice
MCX Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
   S tep 2: Cast your vote electronically and join 
General Meeting on NSDL e-Voting system.
   H ow to cast your vote electronically and join 
General Meeting on NSDL e-Voting system?
  1.   A fter successful login at Step 1, you will be able 
to see all the companies “EVEN” in which you 
are holding shares and whose voting cycle and 
General Meeting is in active status.
  2.   S elect “EVEN” of Company for which you wish 
to cast your vote during the remote e-Voting 
period and casting your vote during the 
General Meeting. For joining virtual meeting, 
you need to click on “VC/OAVM” link placed 
under “Join General Meeting” .
  3.   No w you are ready for e-Voting as the Voting 
page opens.
  4.   C ast your vote by selecting appropriate options 
i.e. assent or dissent, verify/modify the number 
of shares for which you wish to cast your vote 
and click on “Submit” and also “Confirm” when 
prompted.
  5.   Upon confirmation, the message “Vote cast 
successfully” will be displayed.
  6.   Y ou can also take the printout of the votes cast 
by you by clicking on the print option on the 
confirmation page.
  7.   Onc e you confirm your vote on the resolution, 
you will not be allowed to modify your vote.
 G eneral Guidelines for shareholders
 1.   I nstitutional shareholders (i.e. other than individuals, 
HUF, NRI etc.) are required to send scanned copy 
(PDF/JPG Format) of the relevant Board Resolution/ 
Authority letter etc. with attested specimen 
signature of the duly authorized signatory(ies) who 
are authorized to vote, to the Scrutinizer by e-mail to 
vijay.yadav@avsassociates.co.in with a copy marked 
to evoting@nsdl.com. Institutional shareholders (i.e. 
other than individuals, HUF, NRI etc.) can also upload 
their Board Resolution / Power of Attorney / Authority 
Letter etc. by clicking on “Upload Board Resolution / 
Authority Letter” displayed under “e-Voting” tab in 
their login.
 2.   I t is strongly recommended not to share your 
password with any other person and take utmost 
care to keep your password confidential. Login to 
the e-voting website will be disabled upon five 
unsuccessful attempts to key in the correct password. 
In such an event, you will need to go through the 
“Forgot User Details/Password?” or “Physical User 
Reset Password?” option available on www.evoting.
nsdl.com to reset the password.
 3.   I n case of any queries, you may refer the Frequently 
Asked Questions (FAQs) for Shareholders and 
e-voting user manual for Shareholders available at 
the download section of www.evoting.nsdl.com or 
call on.: 022 – 4886 7000 or send a request to Ms. 
Veena Suvarna, Assistant Vice President from NSDL 
at the designated e-mail ID: evoting@nsdl.com.
  P rocess for those shareholders whose email ids are 
not registered with the depositories for procuring 
user id and password and registration of e mail ids for 
e-voting for the resolutions set out in this notice:
 1.   I n case shares are held in physical mode please 
provide Folio No., Name of shareholder, scanned 
copy of the share certificate (front and back), PAN 
(self attested scanned copy of PAN card), AADHAR 
(self attested scanned copy of Aadhar Card) by email 
to ig-mcx@mcxindia.com.
 2.   I n case shares are held in demat mode, please 
provide DPID-CLID (16 digit DPID + CLID or 16 
digit beneficiary ID), Name, client master or copy of 
Consolidated Account statement, PAN (self attested 
scanned copy of PAN card), AADHAR (self attested 
scanned copy of Aadhar Card) to ig-mcx@mcxindia.
com. If you are an Individual shareholders holding 
securities in demat mode, you are requested to refer 
to the login method explained at step 1 (A) i.e. Login 
method for e-Voting and joining virtual meeting 
for Individual shareholders holding securities in 
demat mode.
 3.   A lternatively shareholder/members may send a 
request to evoting@nsdl.com for procuring user 
id and password for e-voting by providing above 
mentioned documents.
 4.   I n terms of SEBI circular dated December 09, 2020 
on e-Voting facility provided by Listed Companies, 
Individual shareholders holding securities in demat 
mode are allowed to vote through their demat 
account maintained with Depositories and Depository 
Participants. Shareholders are required to update 
their mobile number and email ID correctly in their 
demat account in order to access e-Voting facility.
11.  INSTRUCTIONS FOR MEMBERS FOR E-VOTING ON THE 
DAY OF THE AGM ARE AS UNDER:
 1.   T he procedure for e-Voting on the day of the AGM 
is same as the instructions mentioned above for 
remote e-voting.
 2.   Only those M embers/ Shareholders, who will be 
present in the AGM through VC/OAVM facility and 
have not cast their vote on the Resolutions through 
remote e-Voting and are otherwise not barred from 
doing so, shall be eligible to vote through e-Voting 
system in the AGM.

--- page 8 ---
7
 3.   M embers who have voted through Remote e-Voting 
will be eligible to attend the AGM. However, they will 
not be eligible to vote at the AGM.
 4.   T he details of the person who may be contacted 
for any grievances connected with the facility for 
e-Voting on the day of the AGM shall be the same 
person mentioned for Remote e-voting.
12.  INSTRUCTIONS FOR MEMBERS FOR PARTICIPATING IN 
THE 24TH AGM THROUGH VC/OAVM ARE AS UNDER:
 a.   M ember will be provided with a facility to attend 
the AGM through VC/OAVM through the NSDL 
e-Voting system. Members may access by following 
the steps mentioned above for Access to NSDL 
e-Voting system. After successful login, you can see 
link of “VC/OAVM link” placed under “Join meeting” 
menu against Company name. You are requested to 
click on VC/ OAVM link placed under Join Meeting 
menu. The link for VC/ OAVM will be available 
in Shareholder/ Member login where the EVEN 
(141187) of Company will be displayed. Please note 
that the members who do not have the User ID and 
Password for e-Voting or have forgotten the User ID 
and Password may retrieve the same by following 
the remote e-Voting instructions mentioned in the 
notice to avoid last minute rush.
 b .   M embers are encouraged to join the Meeting 
through Laptops for better experience.
 c .   F urther Members will be required to allow Camera 
and use Internet with a good speed to avoid any 
disturbance during the meeting.
 d .   P lease note that Members connecting from mobile 
devices or tablets or through laptops etc., connecting 
via mobile hotspot may experience Audio/Video loss 
due to fluctuation in their respective network. It is 
therefore recommended to use stable Wi-Fi or LAN 
connection to mitigate any kind of aforesaid glitches.
 e .   M embers can submit questions in advance with 
regard to the financial statements or any other matter 
to be placed at the AGM, from their registered e-mail 
address, mentioning their name, DP ID and Client ID 
number and mobile number, to reach the Company’s 
e-mail address at ig-mcx@mcxindia.com at least 7 
days in advance before the start of the meeting. Such 
questions by the Members shall be taken up during 
the meeting and replied by the Company suitably.
 f .   M embers, who would like to ask questions during 
the 24th AGM with regard to the financial statements 
or any other matter to be placed at the 24 th AGM, 
need to register themselves as a speaker by sending 
their request from their registered email address 
mentioning their name, DP ID and Client ID number 
and mobile number, to reach the Company’s 
email address ig-mcx@mcxindia.com on or before 
Thursday, September 10, 2026. Those Members 
who have registered themselves as a speaker shall 
be allowed to ask questions during the 24 th AGM, 
depending upon the availability of time.
13.  T he Board of Directors has appointed Mr. Vijay Yadav 
(Membership No. F11990 and COP No. 16806), Partner at 
M/s AVS & Associates, Practicing Company Secretaries, as 
the Scrutinizer to scrutinize the remote e-voting process 
before and during the AGM in a fair and transparent 
manner.
14.  T he Scrutinizer shall immediately after the conclusion 
of voting at the AGM, unblock and count the votes cast 
during the AGM, and votes cast through remote e-voting 
and make, not later than two working days of conclusion 
of the AGM, a consolidated Scrutinizer’s Report of the total 
votes cast in favor or against, if any, to the Chairman or a 
person authorized by him in writing who shall countersign 
the same.
15.  T he results declared along with the report of the scrutinizer 
shall be available on the website of the Company and 
on the website of NSDL, immediately after the result are 
declared by the Chairman or a person authorized by him 
in writing and will simultaneously be communicated to BSE 
Limited, where the equity shares of the Company are listed.
16.  M embers can, prior to the Meeting, seek technical 
assistance/address queries on the numbers of NSDL as 
mentioned in e-voting process between 11.00 a.m. to 1.30 
p.m. from Monday to Friday till the date of the Meeting.
17.  Sinc e the AGM is being conducted through VC/OAVM, 
there is no provision for appointment of proxies. 
Accordingly, appointment of proxies by the members will 
not be available, hence the Proxy Form and Attendance 
Slip are not annexed to this Notice. However, Corporate 
members whose authorized representatives are intending 
to attend the meeting are requested to send to the 
Company at ig-mcx@mcxindia.com a certified copy of 
the board resolution authorizing such representative to 
attend the AGM through VC/OAVM, and cast their votes at 
the Meeting.
18.  M embers attending the AGM through VC / OAVM shall be 
counted for the purpose of reckoning the quorum under 
Section 103 of the Act.
19.  I nstitutional investors who are members are encouraged 
to attend and vote at the AGM through VC or OAVM.
20.  D uring the AGM, Register of Directors, Key Managerial 
Personnel and their shareholding and Register of Contracts 
maintained under the Act and all other documents 
referred to in the notice shall be available for inspection 
in electronic mode. Members who wish to inspect the 
registers are requested to write to the Company by 
sending an e-mail to ig-mcx@mcxindia.com

--- page 9 ---
8
AGM Notice
MCX Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
21.  F riday, August 28, 2026, is taken as the record date for 
the purpose of determining names of Members eligible 
for the payment of final dividend on equity shares for the 
Financial Year ended March 31, 2026.
22.  Subjec t to the provisions of Section 126 of the Act, the 
dividend as recommended by the Board at the rate of  
`8/- per Equity Share of face value of `2/- each, if declared 
at the AGM, will be paid within thirty days of declaration 
to those members whose names appear as beneficial 
owner(s) in the records of the Depository as on Friday, 
August 28, 2026 (close of business hours) . The final 
dividend, once approved by the members in the ensuing 
AGM will be paid to the Members, electronically through 
various online transfer modes to those members who 
have updated their bank account details.
  T herefore, to avoid delay in receiving the dividend, 
members whose shareholding is in electronic mode are 
requested to direct notifications about change of address 
and updates about bank account details to their respective 
depository participant(s). Members whose shareholding is 
in physical mode are requested to opt for the Electronic 
Clearing System (“ECS”) mode to receive dividend on time 
in line with the Circulars. We urge members to utilize the 
ECS for receiving dividends. The members having shares 
in physical form may send their request to the Company’s 
Registrar and Transfer Agent (RTA) at einward.ris@kfintech.
com for updating the above details. Members are also 
requested to give the MICR Code of their bank to their 
Depository Participants.
  M embers holding shares in electronic form may please 
note that their bank details as furnished by the respective 
DPs to the RTA will be considered for remittance of 
dividends as per the applicable regulations and the 
Company will not entertain any direct request from such 
Members for change/ addition/ deletion in such bank 
details. Accordingly, the Members holding shares in Demat 
form are requested to ensure that correct/ latest complete 
bank details are updated against their demat account with 
their respective DPs. Further, please note that instructions, 
if any, already given by Members in respect of shares held 
in physical form, will not be automatically applied to the 
dividend paid on shares held in electronic form.
23.  M embers are requested to intimate changes, if any, about 
their name, postal address, e-mail address, telephone/ 
mobile numbers, PAN, power of attorney registration, 
Bank Mandate details, etc. to their DPs in case the shares 
are held in electronic form and to the RTA in case the 
shares are held in physical form, in prescribed Form No. 
ISR-1, quoting their folio number and enclosing the 
self-attested supporting document. The forms required 
for these purposes can be accessed via following link 
https://ris.kfintech.com/clientservices/isc/isrforms.aspx . 
The same is also available in Company’s website https://
www.mcxindia.com/investor-relations/shareholder-
information. Further, Members may note that SEBI has 
mandated the submission of PAN by every participant in 
the securities market.
24. Tax on Dividend:
  A s you are aware that pursuant to the Income Tax Act, 2025 
(“the Act”), dividends paid or distributed by a company on 
or after April 01, 2020, shall be taxable in the hands of the 
shareholders. The Company shall, therefore, be required 
to deduct tax at source (“TDS”) at the time of making the 
payment of the dividend at the rates applicable on the 
amount of dividend distributed to the shareholders, if 
approved at the ensuing AGM.
  F urther, pursuant to the SEBI master circular no. SEBI/HO/
MIRSD/POD-1/P/CIR/2024/37 dated May 07, 2024, it is 
mandatory to furnish PAN, KYC Details (including email, 
mobile number, and bank account details) and Nomination 
in respect of physical folios. Kindly ensure these details 
are updated with registrar to avail uninterrupted service 
request and dividend credit in bank account as no 
dividend will be paid to physical shareholders by way of 
issuance of physical warrant with effect from April 01, 
2024. Shareholders are requested to ensure that their KYC 
and bank details are updated with their DP/RTA.
  F or Resident Individual Shareholders , taxes shall be 
deducted at source under Section 393(1) Table Sl. No. 
7 of the Income tax Act, 2025 at 10 % on the amount 
of dividend. However, no tax shall be deducted on the 
dividend payable to a resident individual if the total 
dividend to be received by them during Tax Year 2026-27 
does not exceed ` 10,000/-. In cases where the shareholder 
provides Form 121 {Erstwhile Form 15G (applicable to 
any person other than a Company or a Firm) / Form 15H 
(applicable to an Individual above the age of 60 years.)}, 
provided that all the required eligibility conditions are 
met, no tax at source will be deducted. Needless to say, 
that having a PAN is mandatory.
  F urther, as per Section 262 of the Income Tax Act, 2025 
every person who has been allotted a PAN and who is 
eligible to obtain Aadhar, shall be required to link the PAN 
with Aadhar. In case of failure to comply to this, the PAN 
allotted shall be deemed to be invalid/ inoperative and he 
shall be liable to all consequences under the Act and tax 
shall be deducted at higher rates as prescribed under the 
Act.
  I t may be further noted that in case you are eligible for 
the Form 121 (Erstwhile Form 15G / Form 15H), then we 
request you to kindly mention the current Tax year i.e., FY 
2026-27 under Sr. No.8, Part A of the said Form 121.

--- page 10 ---
9
  F or Resident Non-Individual Shareholders , no tax 
shall be deducted on dividend payable to resident non-
individual shareholder if the following documents are 
provided which are as follows:
 i.   M utual Fund - Self-attested copy of valid SEBI 
registration certificate
 ii.   I nsurance Company - Self-attested copy of valid 
IRDAI registration certificate
 iii.   A lternative Investment Fund - Self-attested copy of 
valid SEBI registration certificate
  F or Non-resident Shareholders, taxes are required to be 
withheld in accordance with the provisions of Section 
393(2) of the Income tax Act, 2025 at the rates in force. 
As per the relevant provisions of the Act, the withholding 
tax shall be at the rate of 20 % (plus applicable surcharge 
and cess) on the amount of dividend payable to them. 
However, as per Section 159 of the Income tax Act, 
2025 the non-resident shareholder has the option to be 
governed by the provisions of the Double Tax Avoidance 
Treaty between India and the country of tax residence 
of the shareholder, if they are more beneficial to them. 
For this purpose, i.e. to avail Tax Treaty benefits, the non-
resident shareholders will have to provide the following:
 i.   S elf-attested copy of the PAN Card allotted by the 
Indian Income Tax authorities.
 ii.   S elf-attested copy of Tax Residency Certificate 
(“TRC”) obtained from the tax authorities of the 
country of which the shareholder is resident. In case 
TRC is furnished in a language other than English, 
the said TRC would have to be translated from such 
other language to English language and thereafter 
duly notarized and apostilled copy of the TRC would 
have to be provided.
 iii.   S elf-attested copy of acknowledgement of Form 
41 submitted at Income Tax Portal, if all the details 
required in this form are not mentioned in the TRC.
 iv .   S elf-declaration by the non-resident shareholder 
of having no Permanent Establishment in India in 
accordance with the applicable Tax Treaty.
 v .   S elf-declaration of Beneficial ownership by the non-
resident shareholder.
 vi.   S elf-attested copy of FPI registration & SEBI 
registration certificate in case of FIIs/FPIs.
 vii.   I n case, shareholders provide a certificate issued 
under Section 395 of the Income Tax Act, 2025, for 
lower/ Nil withholding of taxes, rate specified in the 
said certificate shall be considered, on submission of 
self-attested copy of the certificate.
  A ccordingly, in order to enable us to determine the 
appropriate TDS / withholding tax rate applicable, we 
request you to provide these details and documents as 
mentioned above on or before Thursday, September 10, 
2026. The said Dividend will be paid after deducting the 
tax at source as under:
 i.   N il for resident shareholders in case Form 121 along 
with self-attested copy of the PAN is submitted.
 ii.   N il for resident shareholders in case if the total 
dividend to be received by them during Tax Year FY 
2026-27 does not exceed ` 10,000.
 iii.   10 % f or resident shareholders in case PAN is 
provided/available.
 iv .   20 % plus applicable sur charge and cess, for resident 
shareholders in case PAN is not provided / not 
available.
 v .   B eneficial tax treaty rate (based on tax treaty with 
India) for non-resident shareholders, as applicable 
will be applied on the basis of documents submitted 
by the non-resident shareholders.
 vi.   20 % plus applicable sur charge and cess for non-
resident shareholders in case the aforementioned 
documents are not submitted.
 vii.   B enefit under Rule 203:- In case where shares are 
held by Clearing Member/ intermediaries/ stock 
brokers and TDS is to be applied in the PAN of the 
beneficial shareholders, then intermediaries/ stock 
brokers and beneficial shareholders will have to 
provide a declaration.
 viii.   TDS is r equired to be deducted at the rate prescribed 
in the lower tax withholding certificate issued u/s 395 
of the Income tax Act,2025 if such valid certificate is 
provided.
 ix.   20 % plus applicable sur charge and cess or tax treaty 
rate whichever is beneficial for Foreign Institution 
(FII) and Foreign Portfolio Investors (FPI) shareholder.
  K indly note that the aforementioned documents are 
required to be uploaded on https://ris.kfintech.com/
clientservices/investors/taxforms.aspx or emailed at 
einward.ris@kfintech.com on or before Thursday, 
September 10, 2026 , in order to enable the Company 
to determine and deduct appropriate TDS / withholding 
tax rate. No communication on the tax determination/
deduction shall be entertained post Thursday, 
September 10, 2026. The Company is obligated to 
deduct tax at source (TDS) based on the records available 
with RTA and no request will be entertained for revision 
of TDS return. The Dividend for FY 2025-26 will be paid 
after deduction of tax at source, as determined on the 

--- page 11 ---
10
AGM Notice
MCX Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
basis of the aforementioned documents provided by the 
respective shareholders, wherever applicable and subject 
to verification.
  I t may be further noted that in case the tax on said 
Dividend is deducted at a higher rate in absence of receipt 
of the aforementioned details/documents from you, there 
would still be an option available with you to file the return 
of income and claim an appropriate refund, if eligible.
25.  W e shall arrange to email a soft copy of TDS certificate 
to you at your registered email ID in due course, post 
payment of the said Dividend. Shareholders are further 
requested to complete necessary formalities to link their 
bank accounts to their Demat accounts to enable the 
Company to make timely credit of dividend in respective 
bank account.
  T he formats of said forms/declaration are also available 
on the website of the Company at https://www.mcxindia.
com/investor-relations/shareholder-information.
26.  P ursuant to the provisions of Section 124 of the Act, 
Investor Education and Protection Fund Authority 
(Accounting, Audit, Transfer and Refund) Rules, 2016 
read with the relevant circulars and amendments thereto 
(‘IEPF Rules’), the amount of dividend remaining unpaid 
or unclaimed for a period of seven years from the date 
of transfer to Company’s Unpaid Dividend Account is 
required to be transferred, along with interest accrued, if 
any, to the Investor Education and Protection Fund (IEPF), 
established by the Central Government. Further, all shares 
in respect of which dividend has not been paid or claimed 
for seven consecutive years are to be transferred by the 
Company in the name of IEPF.
27.  T he Company had transferred the IPO application amount, 
unpaid and unclaimed dividends declared up to Financial 
Year 2017-18 (final) and the corresponding shares on 
which dividend was unclaimed for seven consecutive 
years, to the IEPF. Details of the unpaid/ unclaimed 
dividends/shares transferred are also uploaded on the 
Company’s website www.mcxindia.com. Shareholders 
who have so far not encashed their dividend warrant/s for 
the Financial Year 2018-19 (final dividend) and onwards are 
requested to make their claims either with the Secretarial 
Department at the Registered Office of the Company or 
the office of the Registrar and Share Transfer Agent (RTA), 
KFin, before the unclaimed dividend is transferred to IEPF.
28.  A ll documents referred to in the accompanying Notice 
have been sent along with this Notice to the registered 
email addresses of the persons entitled to attend the 
Meeting and shall also be available electronically on 
request by sending an email at the Designated Email 
Address.
29.  Y our Company is pleased to provide the facility of a live 
webcast of proceedings of AGM. Members who are entitled 
to participate in the AGM can view the live proceedings of 
AGM on the websites of the respective depositories.
30.  T he Certificate of M/s. AVS & Associates, Secretarial 
Auditors of the Company confirming implementation of 
Multi Commodity Exchange of India Limited Employee 
Stock Option Scheme, 2008 (‘ESOP 2008’) in accordance 
with the provisions of the SEBI (Share Based Employee 
Benefits and Sweat Equity) Regulations, 2021 and in 
accordance with the resolution passed by the members 
of the Company in the Extra-Ordinary General Meeting on 
February 27, 2008 and at the Annual General Meetings on 
August 01, 2009, September 26, 2012, September 30, 2013 
and September 23, 2014, shall be placed before the 24 th 
AGM of the shareholders.
31.  Sinc e the AGM will be held through VC / OAVM, the Route 
Map is not annexed to this Notice.
32.  A GM has been convened through VC/OAVM in compliance 
with applicable provisions of the Act, 2013 read with 
Circulars issued by MCA and SEBI in this regard.
33.  T he Company also requests the shareholders to promptly 
disclose to the Company their shareholding in the 
Company along with the shareholding of Persons Acting 
in Concert (PAC), if any. ‘PAC’ is defined under Reg. 2(q) 
of SEBI (Substantial Acquisition of Shares and Takeovers) 
Regulations, 2011.
  F urther, the shares of the Company shall only be dealt 
by Fit and Proper Persons as per Regulation 19 and 20 of 
Securities Contracts (Regulation) (Stock Exchanges and 
Clearing Corporations) Regulations, 2018.
34.  SEBI has in troduced the Online Dispute Resolution (‘ODR’) 
portal for dispute resolution in addition to the existing 
SEBI Complaints Redress System(‘SCORES’) platform, 
which can be utilised by the investors and the Company 
for dispute resolution. The SMART ODR Portal can be 
accessed at: https://smartodr.in/login

--- page 12 ---
11
EXPLANATORY STATEMENT PURSUANT TO SECTION 
102(1) OF THE COMPANIES ACT, 2013:
Item No. 3:
The following statement sets out the material facts relating 
to the ordinary business mentioned in Item No.3 of the 
accompanying Notice:
To appoint a director in place of Mr. Mohan Shenoi (DIN: 
01603606), Non-Independent Director who retires by 
rotation at this AGM and being eligible, offers himself for 
re-appointment, subject to approval of SEBI.
Mr. Mohan Shenoi (DIN: 01603606) was initially appointed as 
Non-Independent Director on the Board of your Company on 
September 03, 2021. Further, he retired by rotation and being 
eligible, was re-appointed as Non-Independent Director on 
September 26, 2024. Section 152(6) of the Act provides that 
not less than two-thirds of the total number of Directors of a 
Company shall be persons whose period of office is liable to 
determination for retirement by rotation. It further states that 
one-third of the Directors out of the two-thirds excluding 
Independent Directors, liable to retire by rotation, who have 
been longest in office since their last appointment shall retire 
from office at every AGM of the Company.
In accordance with the aforesaid provisions of the Act and the 
Articles of Association of the Company, Mr. Mohan Shenoi, Non-
Independent Director of the Company, shall be liable to retire 
by rotation at the ensuing AGM. He being eligible, has offered 
himself for re-appointment. Further, his re-appointment 
would be subject to approval by SEBI. Mr. Mohan Shenoi is 
not disqualified from being appointed as a Director under the 
Companies Act, 2013, SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015 and SECC 
Regulations, 2018. Requisite declarations have been received 
from him in relation to his re-appointment.
With respect to item no. 3 of the Notice, save and except Mr. 
Mohan Shenoi in connection with his re-appointment and his 
relatives to the extent of their shareholding interest, if any, 
in the Company, none of the other Directors, KMPs and their 
relatives, are, in any way concerned or interested, financially 
or otherwise, in the said resolution. The relevant details as 
required under Regulation 36 of SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 
2015, in respect of re-appointment of a director at the AGM is 
provided in Annexure to this Notice.
To note the appointments in the Board since last AGM:
Pursuant to Regulation 24(2) to SECC Regulations, 2018 read 
with PART – H of Schedule – II of these regulations, the Public 
Interest Directors on the governing board of the recognized 
stock exchange shall be appointed with the prior approval of 
SEBI from the names of public interest directors forwarded to 
it which are approved by the Governing Board of the stock 
exchange. The shareholders’ approval for the same shall not be 
necessary.
In light of the above provisions, the Nomination and 
Remuneration Committee and Board of Directors from time 
to time had approved and forwarded the names of Public 
Interest Directors to SEBI for nomination/ re-nomination on the 
Governing Board of MCX. Subsequently, SEBI had approved the 
nomination/ re-nomination of Public Interest Director(s) on the 
governing Board from time to time. Accordingly, the members 
are requested to take note of the appointment/ re-appointment 
of Public Interest Directors made on the Governing Board of 
MCX since last AGM.
The relevant details of directors seeking re-appointment 
at the AGM as required under Regulation 36 of SEBI (LODR) 
Regulations, 2015 and Secretarial Standards-2 on General 
Meetings issued by the Institute of Company Secretaries of India 
and details of Public Interest Directors appointed/re-appointed 
since last AGM are provided in Annexure to this Notice.
35.  T o enable ease of participation of the Members, we are providing below the key details regarding the meeting for your reference.
Sr. 
No.
Particulars Details
1. Record date for dividend Friday, August 28, 2026
2. Cut-off date for e-voting eligibility Thursday, September 10, 2026
3. For updating E-mail ID & Bank details before 
the Cut-off date for e-Voting
Refer point 9(a)
4. Time period for remote e-Voting Commences on Monday, September 14, 2026, at 9:00 A.M. and ends on 
Wednesday, September 16, 2026, at 5:00 P .M.
5. Speaker Registration/Post your Queries Refer point 12 (e) and (f )
6. TDS on Dividend & Link for downloading 
formats for submission
Refer point  24 and 25

--- page 13 ---
12
AGM Notice
MCX Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
ANNEXURE
Information pursuant to Regulation 36(3) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015 and Secretarial Standards – 2 on General Meetings issued by the Institute of Company Secretaries of India regarding 
appointment/ re-appointment of Directors is as under:
Name of Director Mr. Mohan Shenoi Mr. Santosh Kumar Mohanty
Item No. 3 NA
DIN 01603606 06690879
Category Non-Independent Director Non-Executive- Independent Director/Public Interest 
Director
Date of Birth /Age April 28, 1958 / 68 years July 09, 1961/ 65 years
Date of first appointment 
on the Board
September 03, 2021 May 28, 2026
Qualifications BBM, CAIIB and PGDBM •	 M.A.(International Studies), J N U, New Delhi
•	 	PG Diploma in Securities Law Course, Govt. Law 
College, Mumbai
•	 LL.B, Mumbai University, Mumbai
•	 	BA with Honours (Political Science), Utkal 
University, Bhubanrswar
Brief Profile including 
experience, expertise in 
specific functional areas:
•	 	Has over 45 years of wide ranging 
experience in the Banking industry.
•	 	Retired as Chief Operating Officer at Kotak 
Mahindra Bank.
•	 	Held several leadership positions in both 
the public and private sector.
•	 	Was responsible for spearheading the 
integration of ING Vysya Bank with Kotak 
Mahindra Bank, one of the largest merger 
in Indian banking. Successfully completed 
merger in terms of people, process, 
technology and Synergy in a record time of 
15 months. He was also actively involved 
in the merger of Bank of Madura with ICICI 
Bank.
•	 	Has set up treasury functions and dealing 
rooms at three banks namely Corporation 
Bank, ICICI Bank and Kotak Mahindra Bank.
•	 	Contributed significantly to the 
development and deepening of money 
market instruments like Certificate of 
Deposits (CD) and Commercial Paper (CP) 
in the early 1990s when first permitted in 
India.
•	 	He is an IRS Officer of 1991 Batch and has held 
various positions in IRS before serving as a 
Commissioner of Income Tax.
•	 	He served as a Whole Time Member (WTM), 
Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI) for 
five years from June 2018 to June 2023.
•	 	Prior to taking charge as Whole Time Member, he 
held the position of Executive Director, SEBI, on 
Deputation since September 2015 and worked as 
a Director at the Forward Markets Commission for 
more than two years.
Terms and conditions 
of appointment or re-
appointment
In terms of section 152(6) of the Companies 
Act, 2013, Mr. Mohan Shenoi who was initially 
appointed as Non-Independent Director at the 
Annual General Meeting held on September 
03, 2021, is liable to retire by rotation and being 
eligible has offered for re-appointment.
In terms of Regulation 24(2) of the SECC Regulations, 
2018, Mr. Santosh Kumar Mohanty has been appointed 
for a term of three years w.e.f. May 28, 2026.
Further, the relevant terms and conditions as mentioned in the Act, SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015 and 
SECC Regulations, 2018 shall be applicable to him.

--- page 14 ---
13
Name of Director Mr. Mohan Shenoi Mr. Santosh Kumar Mohanty
Remuneration drawn and 
proposed to be paid
` 60,50,000/- was paid as sitting fees for financial 
year ended March 31, 2026.
Considering the date of appointment on the Board, 
payment of sitting fees not applicable for financial year 
ended March 31, 2026.
Will be remunerated only by way of sitting fees as admissible under the Act, for the Board and Committee 
meetings attended.
Number of Meetings 
of the Board attended 
during the year ended 
March 31, 2026
24 meetings out of 24 meetings. NA
Shareholding in the 
Company
Nil Nil
Directorships of other 
companies as on August 
04, 2026
•	 	Multi Commodity Exchange Clearing 
Corporation Limited
•	 Advanta Enterprises Limited
•	 Emmvee Photovoltaic Power Limited
•	 UPL Limited
•	 Computer Age Management Services Limited
•	 Acuite Ratings & Research Limited
•	 LG Electronics India Limited
•	 SBI CDMDF Trustee Private Limited
Membership/
Chairmanship in 
Committees as on August 
04, 2026
Multi Commodity Exchange Clearing 
Corporation Limited
•	 Member, Audit Committee
•	 Member, Investment Committee
•	 	Member, Standing Committee on 
Technology
•	 	Member, Nomination and Remuneration 
Committee
LG Electronics India Limited
•	 Chairman, Audit Committee
•	 	Member, Nomination and Remuneration 
Committee
•	 	Member, Risk Management Committee
Computer Age Management Services Limited
•	 Member, Audit Committee
•	 Chairman, Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee
•	 	Member, Nomination and Remuneration 
Committee
UPL Limited
•	 Chairman, Risk Management Committee
•	 Member, Sustainability Committee
Emmvee Photovoltaic Power Limited
•	 Chairman, Audit Committee
•	 Member, Risk Management Committee
•	 	Member, Nomination and Remuneration 
Committee
Advanta Enterprises Limited
•	 Member, Audit Committee
•	 	Chairman, Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee
SBI CDMDF Trustee Private Limited
•	 Member, Audit Committee
Listed companies from 
which the Director has 
resigned in past three 
years
Nil •	 Bajaj Finserv Asset Management Limited
Relationship with other 
Directors/ KMPs
None None

--- page 15 ---
14
AGM Notice
MCX Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
Name of Director Mr. Mohan Shenoi Mr. Santosh Kumar Mohanty
In case of appointment 
of independent directors, 
the skills and capabilities 
required for the role and 
the manner in which the 
proposed person meets 
such requirements
NA NA
By Order of the Board of Directors
For Multi Commodity Exchange of India Limited
Manisha Thakur
Mumbai Company Secretary
August 04, 2026 Membership No.: A10855

--- page 16 ---


--- page 17 ---
MCX continues to deepen its place at the heart of 
India’s commodity ecosystem. As India’s commodity 
derivatives market expanded in scale, participation 
and global relevance, the Exchange reinforced its role 
as the country’s trusted platform for transparent price 
discovery, risk management, reliable settlement and, 
above all, market integrity.
Advancing the vision of exchange-discovered spot 
prices gained traction in areas such as the valuation of 
gold and silver financial instruments, strengthening 
the relevance of credible, India-centric market signals. 
Beyond bullion, the launch of Electricity Futures 
introduced an exchange-traded instrument for a 
critical sector, while Cardamom Futures brought 
organized market access closer to the spices value 
chain.
Behind this progress is an integrated market 
infrastructure built around technology, clearing, 
delivery and participation. A strong technology 
foundation supports innovation and scalability; the 
clearing corporation reinforces settlement confidence; 
and the delivery ecosystem connects exchange-traded 
contracts with physical commodities. Together, these 
strengths enable MCX to power India’s commodity 
markets with greater transparency, credibility and 
resilience.
What’s Inside
Setting 
Benchmarks. 
Powering 
Commodity 
Markets.
CORPORATE OVERVIEW 1-43
Setting Benchmarks.  
Powering Commodity Markets.
1
India’s Largest Commodity Derivatives Exchange 2
Product and Segment Overview 4
Journey and Milestones 10
Message from the Chairman 12
Letter from the MD & CEO 14
Financial Capital 16
Services and Intellectual Capital 18
Natural Capital 22
Human Capital 24
Social and Relationship Capital 26
Board of Directors 30
Approach to Governance 32
Awards and Events 34
STATUTORY REPORTS 46-187
Corporate Information 44
Board’s Report 46
Management Discussion and Analysis 98
Corporate Governance Report 125
Business Responsibility & Sustainability Report 151
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 188-325
Standalone 189
Consolidated 256
Investor Information
Market Capitalization  
(as of March 31, 2026)  
: ₹609 billion (approx.)
CIN   : L51909MH2002PLC135594
ISIN : INE745G01043
BSE Code : 534091
AGM Date : September 17, 2026
AGM Mode : Video Conferencing (VC)/Other 
Audio-Visual Means (OAVM)
About  
the Report
REPORTING PERIOD,  
BOUNDARY AND COVERAGE
This Report outlines the performance and future outlook of 
MCX for the reporting period FY 2025-26.
REPORTING FRAMEWORK AND GUIDELINES
This Report has been prepared in accordance with the 
requirements laid down by:
 The Companies Act, 2013
  The Securities and Exchange Board of India  
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)  
(SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015)
  The Securities Contracts (Regulation) (Stock Exchanges 
and Clearing Corporations) Regulations, 2018 [SECC 
Regula
tions of SEBI]
  Integrated Reporting Framework, now overseen by the IFRS 
Foundation through the ISSB (formerly developed by IIRC)
 The Indian Accounting Standards (Ind AS)
  The National Guidelines on Responsible Business Conduct 
(NGRBC Principles)
 Secretarial Standards
 Other Applicable Laws
RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT
This Report has been reviewed by our management to ensure 
the integrity and balanced representation of the disclosed 
data. The claims and content included herein have been 
collectively assessed and validated by them.
FEEDBACK
We welcome your valuable feedback to help us further improve 
the relevance and quality of the information presented.
Disclaimer: This document contains statements about expected future events and financials of Multi Commodity Exchange of India Limited (‘MCX’ , ‘The Company’), 
which are ‘forward-looking’ . By their nature, forward-looking statements require the Company to make assumptions and are subject to inherent risks and uncertainties. 
There is a significant risk that the assumptions, predictions, and other forward-looking statements may not prove to be accurate. Readers are cautioned not to place 
undue reliance on forward-looking statements as several factors could cause assumptions, actual future results and events to differ materially from those expressed in the 
forward-looking statements. Accordingly, this document is subject to the disclaimer and qualified in its entirety by the assumptions, qualifications and risk factors referred 
to in the Management Discussion and Analysis section of this Integrated Annual Report.
Scan this QR Code to access the 
Investor Relations page 
A Rapidly Expanding Market Ecosystem
20.9 lakhs F&O
Traded Clients Up From 13 Lakhs in  
FY 2024-25, Reflecting Deeper Participation
`2,429  crores
Total Income in FY 2025-26 (+101%)
A Y ear of Strong Growth

--- page 18 ---
Established in 2003, the Multi Commodity Exchange of India Limited (MCX) is a state-of-the-art, 
commodity derivatives exchange where producers, traders, institutions and investors come to a 
single regulated platform to discover prices and manage commodity risk. 
India’ s Largest Commodity 
Derivatives Exchange
The Exchange offers futures and options across bullion, energy, metals and agricultural commodities, cleared and settled through its 
wholly-owned clearing corporation. Operating under the regulatory framework of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI), 
MCX combines a high-availability technology platform, strong R&D and a culture of innovation with ethical conduct and robust 
quality standards-the qualities that have made it India’s benchmark commodity exchange and one of the largest in the world.
Core 
Values
Your Company envisions a unified Indian commodity market that is driven 
by market forces and continually provides a level playing field for all 
stakeholders ranging from the primary producer to the end-consumer; 
correct historical aberrations in the system; leverage technology to 
achieve exceptional efficiencies and ultimately lead to a common 
world market. MCX also envisions a brand image that identifies it as the 
Exchange of Choice not only by direct participants in the commodity 
ecosystem but also by the general public.
Vision
MCX shall accomplish its vision by relentlessly endeavouring to enhance 
awareness and understanding of exchange-enabled trade in commodity 
derivatives. The Exchange will continue to minimise the adverse effects 
of price volatilities; providing commodity ecosystem participants with 
neutral, secure and transparent trade mechanisms; formulating quality 
parameters and trade regulations in conjunction with the regulatory 
authority. Moreover, it will continue to enforce a zero-tolerance policy 
toward unethical trade practices-attempted or real-by any participant/s; 
and invest in the all-round development of the commodity ecosystem.
Mission
Trust and Integrity
Transparency
Innovation
Resilience
Inclusive Growth
Corporate Structure
Ownership Link  
100% wholly owned
Multi Commodity 
Exchange of 
India Ltd (MCX)
  Listed entity · SEBI-regulated Market 
Infrastructure Institution
  The exchange–trading platform, product 
design, surveillance & market operations
Multi Commodity 
Exchange Clearing 
Corporation Ltd (MCXCCL)
  Clearing, settlement and risk management for 
all trades executed on MCX
MCX Coal Exchange 
of India Ltd
  The Coal Exchange shall facilitate trading of 
coal as a commodity.
2
Corporate Overview
MCX Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 3

--- page 19 ---
Your Company recorded broad-based growth across its product portfolio in FY 2025-26, with 
Bullion and Base Metals leading the expansion while Energy sustained its position as the 
largest and most globally ranked segment. Agriculture remained a structural opportunity, 
despite near-term softness. Client participation rose, reaffirming your Company’s leadership 
in India’s commodity derivatives ecosystem and its improved global standing as the world’s 
largest commodity options exchange and the fourth-largest commodity derivatives exchange 
by contracts traded in 2025.
Product and  
Segment Overview 
BULLION
Gold and Silver Futures and Options
Purpose
Transparent price discovery, 
hedging of price risk, portfolio 
diversification, and delivery-backed 
investment, with futures-to-spot 
convergence supporting physical 
market integration.
 Jewelers
 Bullion Traders
 Refiners
 Producers
 Mining Companies
Participants
 Importers
 Industrial Consumers
 Retail Investors
 Institutional Traders
 Asset Management Companies
Product Description
Gold Futures Silver Futures
Gold (1 kg) Silver (30 kg)
Gold Mini (100 g) Silver Mini (5 kg)
Gold Ten (10 g) Silver Micro (1 kg)
Gold Guinea (8 g) Silver100 (100 g)*
Gold Petal (1 g)
Average Daily Turnover by Segment (` crores)
Market Relevance
MCX Bullion prices embed a composite hedge for international gold and silver prices, the USD-INR exchange rate, import duty 
changes, and prevailing local premiums or discounts, enabling value-chain participants to manage price risk within a single 
instrument.
Strong Futures-to-Spot 
Convergence
 Efficient price discovery
 Physical market integration
 Delivery-backed trading
Global  
Recognition
#1 Gold Options
#2 Silver Options (FIA, 2025)
FY 2024-25 FY 2025-26 Growth
Gold Futures (all variants) 8,415 28,338 +237%
Silver Futures (all variants) 9,037 21,648 +140%
Total Futures 17,452 49,986 +186%
Gold Options (all variants) 28,100 1,92,810 +586%
Silver Options (all variants) 7,748 74,883 +866%
Total Options 35,848 2,67,693 +647%
Bullion Futures and Options 53,300 3,17,679 +496%
Gold Options Silver Options
Gold (1 kg) Silver (30 kg)
Gold Mini Silver Mini
Monthly Expiries Monthly Expiries
*Launched on 1 June 2026. Keynote insights from Mr. Shivanshu Mehta, Head - Bullion & 
Interim CBO, MCX at the Silver 100g Launch.
Corporate Overview
MCX Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
5
4

--- page 20 ---
Key Highlights
  Record Bullion Futures turnover 
of ₹2,99,115 crores as on 
January 29, 2026, comprising 
₹1,97,882 crores in Gold and 
₹1,01,233 crores in Silv
er 
Futures.
  Gold Mini (100 g) Options 
achieved record turnover of 
₹13,67,001 crores and rec
ord 
open interest of 17,377 kg in 
February 2026.
  Bullion team conducted 244 
awareness programs.
  Gold deliveries reached an 
all-time high of 21 metric tons 
during FY 2025-26, including 
7,783 kg of India Good Delivery 
gold (₹10,171 crores).
New launches: 
 Gold Ten (10 g) Futures.
  Monthly Options for Silver (30 kg) 
and Silver Mini (5 kg.)
  Modification in Staggered Delivery 
Period in Commodity Futures 
Contracts f
or Gold and Silver.
  Modification in launch calendars of 
Gold Mini (100 g), Gold Ten (10 g), 
Gold Guinea (8 g) and Gold Petal 
(1 g) Futures c
ontracts, by way of 
increase in number of expiries  
(6 months) available concurrently.
  Modification in the Contract 
Specifications (strike price 
interval) in Gold and Gold M
ini 
Options Contracts.
  Modification in the Contract 
Specifications (strike price 
interval) in Silver and Silver 
M
ini Options Contracts.
ENERGY
Crude Oil, Natural Gas and Electricity
Product Description
 Crude oil
  The MCX Crude oil contracts are an exchange-traded 
ener
gy derivative benchmarked to New York Mercantile 
Exchange’s (NYMEX)# WTI Crude oil (CL) contract. 
 Natural gas
  The MCX Natural Gas contracts are an exchange
-traded 
energy derivative benchmarked to New York Mercantile 
Exchange’s (NYMEX)# Natural Gas (NG) contract. 
 Electricity
  MCX Electricity Futures is India’s first exchange-
tr
aded electricity derivative, launched July 10, 2025, 
benchmarked to the volume-weighted average price of 
the Day-Ahead Market on the Indian Energy Exchange, 
enabling round-the clock hedging without physical 
delivery. The contract provides participants with a 
structured platform to hedge electricity price volatility 
and participate in the financialization of India’s power 
markets.
FY 2025-26 Segment Performance (Average Daily)
Volume Open Interest Turnover (` crores)
Crude Oil Futures 4.0 mn bbl 2.0 mn bbl 2,516
Crude Oil Mini Futures 0.7 mn bbl 0.3 mn bbl 492
Crude Oil Options 238 mn bbl 15 mn bbl 1,39,181
Crude Oil Mini Options 12 mn bbl 1 mn bbl 7,839
Natural Gas Futures 168 MMBtu 37 MMBtu 5,362
Natural Gas Mini Futures 36 MMBtu 8 MMBtu 1,142
Natural Gas Options 1,508 MMBtu 197 MMBtu 49,556
Natural Gas Mini Options 112 MMBtu 14 MMBtu 3,765
Key Highlights
  Since its launch, MCX 
Electricity Futures prices has 
closely tracked spot market 
mov
ements and has shown 
encouraging early traction, 
with steady gains across 
trading volumes, open interest, 
and market participation.
  Expanded strike ranges for 
Crude Oil and Natural Gas 
Options enhanced hedging 
flexibility dur
ing periods of 
heightened market volatility.
  Overall Energy segment 
performance:
   Futures ADT grew 47.3% 
to ₹9,530 crores 
   Options notional ADT 
increased 28.6% to  
₹2,00,341 crores 
   Options premium ADT 
rose 57.2% to ₹4,529 
crores
#1
Crude Oil Options (Global)
#7
Natural Gas Mini Options (Global)
#3
MCX Crude oil Mini (10 bbls) 
options contracts ranked number
+47.3%
Energy Futures ADT Growth
#2
Natural Gas Options (Global)
July 10, 2025
Launch of Electricity Futures
Purpose
India imports most of its crude oil and natural gas, 
exposing its domestic energy chain to volatile global 
prices and currency fluctuations. To manage this risk, 
MCX Crude Oil, Natural Gas futures and options, and 
Electricity futures provide businesses with transparent 
pricing and standardized hedging instruments tailored 
to the Indian market.
  Metals & Metallurgy 
Industry
 Lubricants Industry
 Plastic Industry
 Textiles Sector
Participants
  Transport & Logistics 
Sector
  Power Generation 
Companies
  Renewable energy 
producers
Market Relevance
As a large net importer of crude oil and gas, India’s domestic costs are closely linked to international benchmarks; MCX’s rupee-
denominated contracts provide a natural, domestically accessible hedge against both commodity price and currency risks.
Electricity prices in India continue to experience significant short-term volatility due to weather conditions, fuel prices, renewable 
intermittency, and regional supply-demand imbalances, thus reinforcing the increasing need for structured hedging tools. MCX 
Electricity Futures provides a financial risk-management layer, helping stakeholders stabilize costs and revenues in one of the 
world’s fastest-growing electricity markets
`10,36,020 crores
Natural Gas Options
6
Corporate Overview
MCX Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 7

--- page 21 ---
BASE METALS
Copper, Aluminium, Zinc, Lead, Nickel and Steel
Purpose
Transparent price discovery and 
hedging against global price, 
tariff, and currency volatility; all 
base metal contracts have been 
under compulsory delivery-based 
settlement since 2019.
 Cathode Manufacturers
 Cable & Wire Manufacturers
 Galvanizing Units
 Alloy & Die-Casting Producers
 Battery Manufacturers & Recyclers
Key Participants
 Auto Component Makers
 EPC & Infrastructure Contractors 
 Importers
 Exporters
 Retail Traders
Average Daily Turnover (` crores) by Segment
FY 2024-25 FY 2025-26 Growth
Copper Futures 1,918 3,559 +86%
Copper Options 190 2,536 +1,234%
Aluminum Futures 367 426 +16%
Zinc Futures 762 609 (20%)
Zinc Options 15 19 +27%
Lead Futures 81 52 (36%)
Nickel Futures 0.00 5.48 New/Re-launched
Base Metals Futures (total)* 3,127 4,646 +48.6%
*Total Base Metals Segment Futures ADT per MDA Table 3
Key Highlights
  Cardamom Futures launch and the Cotton contract’s shift to a bales-based structure reflect your Company’s continued 
efforts to enhance contract design and usability f
or industrial users and value-chain participants.
  Agriculture remains a strategic growth priority, with warehousing integration, regional benchmark contracts, and FPO 
partnerships identified as key levers to deepen participation over the medium term.
Key Highlights
  Steel Rebar Futures remain in 
an early, foundation-building 
phase, with regular contract 
launches (the A
pril 2026 
contract notified in November 
2025) and continued industry 
outreach to secondary mills, 
EPC contractors, and traders.
  Copper and Zinc Options 
continued to strengthen the 
Exchange’s options ecosystem 
thr
ough growing participation 
and enhanced hedging 
capabilities.
+1,146.3%
Options Notional ADT Growth   
(₹2,555 crores)
+1,750%
Options Premium ADT Growth  
(₹37 crores)
AGRICUL TURE
Cotton, Mentha Oil, Cottonseed Wash Oil, Kapas and Cardamom
Product Description
  Futures on Cotton, Mentha Oil and 
Cottonseed Wash Oil, Kapas, with 
Cardamom Futur
es introduced 
during FY 2025-26.
  Effective FY 2025-26, the Cotton 
Futures contract was restructured 
fr
om a candy-based system to 
a bales-based system, with the 
trading unit revised to 25 bales 
(from 48-candy contracts) and the 
delivery unit fixed at 100 bales, to 
better align with textile mill and 
ginner practices.
Market Relevance
  India’s agricultural economy presents substantial untapped potential for 
commodity derivatives. Your Compan
y continues to explore expansion through 
new contracts, farmer outreach, warehousing integration, and digital delivery 
mechanisms, including collaborations with FPOs and agri-tech companies.
  The segment continues to face structural headwinds: fragmented supply chains, 
regulatory restrictions (including the extended suspension of C
rude Palm Oil 
futures to March 31, 2027), and limited awareness among physical market 
stakeholders, which is a key risk to near-term growth.
Purpose
Price discovery and hedging across 
India’s agricultural value chain, 
supporting farmers, processors, 
ginners and exporters.
 Farmers & FPOs
 Ginners
 Textile Mills
Participants
 Processors
 Exporters
 Agri-value-chain Traders
849 
Outreach Programs for 
Farmers and FPOs  
(FY 2025-26)
Steel Rebar Futures
India’s first exchange-traded ferrous 
derivative, supporting price discovery 
and hedging across the construction 
and infrastructure value chain.
Products Market Relevance
  The complex aligns closely with structural themes such as EV adoption, 
renewable energy build-out, grid modernization, electr
ification, urbanization, 
and India’s infrastructure capex cycle, including the PM Gati Shakti initiative.
  Base metal contracts together recorded cumulative deliver ies of 5.6 lakh tons 
through March 2026, with 95,782 tons delivered during FY 2025-26 alone, 
underscoring strong physical market linkage.
Metal Futures
 Copper (2.5 MT)
 Aluminum (5 MT & 1 MT Mini)
 Zinc (5 MT & 1 MT Mini)
 Lead (5 MT & 1 MT Mini)
 Nickel (250 kg)*
Metal Options
 Copper
 Zinc
8
Corporate Overview
MCX Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 9


--- page 22 ---
From a single trading screen in 2003 to India’s leading commodity derivatives exchange and the 
world’s largest in commodity options, MCX has built a trusted, technology-driven marketplace. 
Journey  
and Milestones
2002-2005
Foundation
 Incorporated in 2002.
  Commenced operations on 
November 10, 2003.
  Licensing agreement 
with the London Metal 
Exchange (LME).
2006-2008
Global Linkages
  Product licensing agreement 
with NYMEX (CME Group).
 Became a member of IOSCO.
2012-2015
Going Public
  Became India’s first listed exchange.
  Change in top management and 
the Board.
 Signed MoU with CME Group.
2017-2019
Options and Clearing
  Launched India’s first-ever Options 
on Gold Futures.
  MCXCCL commenced operations on 
September 3, 2018.
  Base Metal Futures converted to 
compulsory deliverable contracts.
  Launched a new series of iCOMDEX 
commodity indices.
 Launch of Kapas Contract.
  Signed MoU with Zhengzhou 
Commodity Exchange.
  Successfully introduced 1 gram 
delivery-based Gold Petal Contract.
2025-2026 
Innovation Surge
  Launched India’s first Electricity 
Futures contrac
t (July 10)
  Launched Nickel Futures with 
differential trading and delivery 
units (Aug 18)
  Launched Options on MCX 
BULLDEX (October 27)
  Launched Cardamom and Gold 
(10 grams) Futures
  Introduced monthly Gold and 
Silver options on bimonthly 
futures
2020-2024
Platform and Ecosystem
  Launched Futures on the MCX 
iCOMDEX Base Metal Index 
(METLDEX™) on October 19, 2020.
  Launched Futures on the MCX 
iCOMDEX Bullion index (BULLDEX™), 
India’s first Bullion index, on  
August 24, 2020.
  Entered MoU with European Energy 
Exchange AG (EEX) for knowledge 
sharing and exchanging of exper
tise 
on Electricity derivative products on 
July 5, 2021.
  Launched Futures on the 
MCX iCOMDEX Energy index 
(ENRGDEX™), India’s first Energy 
index, on O
ctober 7, 2021.
  Empanelled domestic refiners as per 
‘MCX Good Delivery Norms for  
BIS-Standard G
old/Silver’ .
  Launched Options Trading on Gold 
Mini Futures on April 25, 2022.
  Empanelled domestic Lead 
producers as acceptable good 
delivery brands w.e.f.  
F
ebruary 17, 2022.
  Launched Options Trading on 
Natural Gas on January 17, 2022.
  Migrated to new commodity 
derivatives platform on October  
16, 2023.
  Inked an MoU for knowledge 
sharing and regional development 
with Jakarta Futures Exchange (
JFX) 
on February 26, 2024.
  Launched Steel Rebar Futures 
Contracts on January 15, 2024.
10
Corporate Overview
MCX Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 11


--- page 23 ---
enterprises to manage commodity  
price exposure.
Sustained  
Market Leadership
Against this backdrop, MCX remained 
India’s market leader, with over 99% 
share of the country’s commodity 
derivatives market, and earned wider 
global recognition. In the Futures 
Industry Association’s 2025 rankings, 
the Exchange was, for the second 
consecutive year, the world’s largest 
commodity options exchange, and 
also became the world’s fourth-largest 
commodity derivatives exchange from 
sixth a year earlier, by the number of 
contracts traded during the year. This 
standing rests on foundations built 
over two decades: a trusted, well-
regulated platform, a widening product 
suite, and the confidence of a growing 
community of participants. It translated 
into one of the most rewarding years 
in your Company’s history, with trading 
activity, participation and profitability 
all reaching new highs, and the value 
created being shared with shareholders 
even as the Exchange continued to 
invest in its platform, products  
and people. 
A Trusted National 
Commodity Price 
Benchmark
Beyond these measures of scale, the 
role your Company plays in the wider 
economy is a particular source of pride. 
MCX’s prices are increasingly accepted as 
trusted Indian benchmarks, supported 
by the growing use of domestic, 
exchange-discovered prices for domestic 
transactions. MCX spot prices are also 
being used for purposes such as the 
valuation of gold and silver Exchange-
Traded Funds. Each step in this direction 
strengthens the country’s financial 
self-reliance and brings the benefits of 
efficient price discovery closer to the 
value-chain participants who need 
them the most. This progress reflects 
the essence of our vision of ‘One Nation, 
One Price’: transparent, India-centric 
benchmarks that serve our industry, our 
investors and our policymakers alike. 
Policy momentum has been 
encouraging, with the Union Budget 
2026-27 advancing the Viksit Bharat 
roadmap through measures spanning 
critical minerals, plantation crops, 
wider market participation and the 
continued formalization of the economy. 
As the nation progresses toward these 
ambitions, a deep, liquid and trusted 
commodity derivatives market will form 
an essential national infrastructure, and 
your Company is well placed to serve as 
its cornerstone.
Governance and Trust
Underpinning all of this is trust, and trust 
rests on governance. Your Company 
remains committed to the highest 
standards of corporate governance, 
sound risk management and full 
regulatory compliance. As a Market 
Infrastructure Institution, we regard 
our regulatory responsibilities as the 
foundation of market integrity, and 
the Board continues to strengthen its 
oversight of risk, technology resilience 
and stakeholder interests, so that growth 
advances with safety, fairness and 
market integrity. The Board’s diverse 
composition and the strength of its 
committees provide the independent 
oversight on which sound decision-
making depends. Equally, we remain 
mindful of our wider responsibilities 
to our people, to the communities we 
serve and to the environment, pursuing 
inclusive and responsible growth 
through investor education, social 
Message from   
the Chairman
initiatives and the prudent stewardship 
of resources.
Looking Ahead
The opportunities before your Company 
are greater than at any point in its 
history. We will pursue them through 
continued product innovation; 
sustained efforts to broaden and 
deepen participation among retail and 
institutional investors, both domestic 
and foreign; expansion across all 
commodity segments; and strategic 
partnerships that extend the Exchange’s 
reach and relevance, in India and 
internationally. Deeper engagement 
with financial institutions will be central 
to building the liquidity and depth 
that a market of national importance 
requires, while closer collaboration with 
international exchanges will extend 
India’s presence in the global commodity 
landscape. With a clear strategy and a 
strong foundation, I am confident your 
Company is well prepared to convert this 
opportunity into enduring value.
On behalf of the Board, I extend my 
sincere gratitude to SEBI and other 
Regulators for their guidance and 
support; to our members, clients 
and partners for their trust; to our 
employees for their dedication; and 
to you, our shareholders, for your 
steadfast confidence in this institution. 
Your support has carried MCX to every 
milestone it has achieved, and I am 
confident it will carry us to many more in 
the years ahead.
Warm regards,
Dr. Harsh Kumar Bhanwala
Chairman
Dear 
Shareholders,
It is with immense pride that I present 
the Annual Report of MCX for  
FY 2025-26, a defining year in which 
your Company reached new highs and 
further strengthened its rople as a vital 
pillar of India’s financial architecture. 
At a time when transparent, resilient 
and credible price discovery is central 
to economic stability and pmarket 
confidence, MCX continued to deliver 
robust operational performance, deepen 
institutional trust and advance India’s 
commodity derivatives ecosystem. The 
year also marked significant progress in 
reinforcing India’s position in the global 
commodity markets, with landmark 
developments in Good Delivery Norms 
and domestic price benchmarks 
further strengthening the Exchange’s 
contribution to efficient price discovery 
and the country’s growing global  
market integration.
The Y ear in Context
The global economy navigated a 
dynamic year, the value of transparency, 
regulated price discovery and risk 
management, and the role of exchange-
traded derivatives in sound business 
planning. 
India, meanwhile, maintained its 
position as the world’s fastest-growing 
major economy, supported by resilient 
domestic demand, sustained public 
investment and a steady push toward 
self-reliance in strategic resources. A 
Futures Industry Association survey 
early in the year pointed to the strongest 
growth expectations for commodity 
derivatives in the Indian market, an 
outlook that aligns closely with the 
nation’s economic trajectory and 
with the growing need among Indian 
MCX remained India’s market leader, with over 
99% of the country’s commodity derivatives 
market, and earned wider global recognition. In 
the Futures Industry Association’s 2025 rankings, 
the Exchange was, for the second consecutive 
year, the world’s largest commodity options 
exchange, and also became the world’s fourth-
largest commodity derivatives exchange, by the 
number of contracts traded during the year.
12
Corporate Overview
MCX Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 13


--- page 24 ---
from `21.96 a year earlier. This financial strength 
was complemented by deeper market liquidity 
and broader participant diversity, while our 
Core Settlement Guarantee Fund strengthened 
to `1,367 crores. MCX Board recommended 
a dividend of `8 per share, reaffirming our 
commitment to rewarding the trust you place 
in us.
During the year under review, the your 
Company achieved a record single-day turnover 
exceeding `25 lakh crores, a peak later eclipsed 
by a milestone of `45 lakh crores toward the 
end of Q1 of FY 2026-27. The Futures Industry 
Association’s 2025 data ranked MCX as the 
world’s most-traded venue for gold, crude oil 
and natural gas options, and second for silver 
options.
Deepening Participation
Expanding our member base and participant 
ecosystem remain cornerstones of our growth.  
Through close collaboration, addressing 
evolving needs of stakeholders, fostering deeper 
engagement, and enhance market accessibility 
and relevance. 
On this foundation, participation deepened 
across segments: traded clients grew 61% to 20.9 
lakhs, while your Company’s network expanded 
to 583 Members and 32,044 authorized 
participants. We have witnessed healthy growth 
of new members, institutions and Value Chain 
Participants. 
We advanced institutional engagement 
through a dedicated dialogue on enhancing 
participation in Base Metals derivatives and 
convened ‘Metals - From Mines to Markets; an 
event graced by the Chairman of SEBI, to chart 
the path for growth of Base Metals derivatives. 
Investor education remained a key priority, 
supported by over 2600 investor seminars 
conducted nationwide, including 210 regional 
programmes organized jointly with SEBI, and a 
broad spectrum of investor focused initiatives. 
These efforts were further enhanced through 
the release of Commodity Insights Yearbook. The 
annual student quiz, COMQUEST 2026 drew over 
12,500 students from 940 colleges, with women 
accounting for about 44% of participants. 
The Exchange also hosted the 7th MCX 
Awards, recognizing 88 stakeholders for their 
contribution to India’s commodity markets. The 
exchange invested in CSR initiatives across rural 
development, healthcare, education, livelihood, 
water conservation and sustainable energy, 
directly benefiting over 50,000 individuals.
Innovation across the Product 
Suite
Our product strategy has been an important 
driver of this growth. We continued to introduce 
products and enhance existing contracts based 
on the evolving requirements of producers, 
consumers, traders and financial participants.
Our growth reflects a consistent approach: 
staying close to the market and responding 
to its needs. We introduced Electricity Futures, 
India’s first, giving power producers, distribution 
companies and consumers an effective hedging 
mechanism; added Cardamom Futures for the 
spices value chain; and launched Gold Ten 
Futures, bringing 10-gram, India Good Delivery 
gold within reach of retail investors. We launched 
modified Nickel Futures with a smaller trading 
lot to welcome MSME participants and also 
moved its expiry to align with global settlement 
cycles; launched Silver Monthly Options; and 
relaunched a market-aligned Cotton Futures 
contract. We also refined existing contracts, 
including a shorter delivery tender period for 
Bullion and Base Metals, to keep them closely 
aligned with the physical market.
A Robust Delivery Ecosystem
This responsiveness extends to our delivery 
ecosystem, where physical-market stakeholders 
continued to place their confidence. Base Metals 
deliveries took cumulative volumes to about 5.80 
lakh tons since their transition into compulsory 
delivery contracts, while Bullion deliveries 
reached new records. 
During FY 2025-26, physical delivery of gold 
through the exchange mechanism touched 21 
tons, while silver deliveries surpassed 401 tons, 
highlighting strong participation in exchange 
based physical delivery. The growing use of MCX 
spot prices as domestic reference benchmarks 
affirms the confidence the ecosystem places in 
the Exchange’s price discovery and integrity of 
our settlement.
Compliance and Risk
As we have expanded our reach and scale, 
we have remained rigorously focussed on 
strengthening the frameworks that underpin 
the integrity and resilience of the markets. 
Compliance and risk management remain 
central to our ability to deliver with the highest 
level of trust.
Cyber risk controls were reinforced through 
proactive monitoring, enhanced safeguards, 
and tightened security protocols. Continuous 
Letter from    
the MD & CEO
investment in core technology, scalable 
infrastructure and system resilience have 
supported our operational excellence and 
sustained growth. 
Together, these efforts ensure that your 
Company’s growth is supported by strong 
governance, robust risk management and 
resilient infrastructure, enabling us to deliver at 
scale while maintaining the highest standards of 
trust and integrity.
Technology 
As market activity expanded, we continued to 
strengthen the technology and operational 
capabilities supporting the Exchange, with a 
focus on scalability, resilience, cybersecurity 
and preparedness for future growth. We 
also continued to simplify processes for our 
stakeholders, including through a dedicated UPI 
facility for member payments and a common 
platform for compliance submissions across 
exchanges.
Continued work on product innovation, 
systems resilience and easing access, supported 
by strong cybersecurity measures, enabled 
participants to manage their commodity price 
risks even amidst heighted global price volatility.
The Road Ahead
India’s commodity market is entering a 
transformative growth phase. Rising industrial 
and energy demand, a formalizing agricultural 
value chain, the push for self-reliance in critical 
minerals, and India’s deepening integration with 
global markets together present an immense 
opportunity. Your Company intends to help 
shape this opportunity by expanding our 
product suite, deepening institutional and retail 
participation, growing our agricultural franchise, 
and strengthening global linkages with data, 
transparency, resilience and unwavering 
commitment to trust.
Your continued confidence underpins everything 
we do, and we hold ourselves to the highest 
standard it implies. Our ambition is to remain the 
Exchange of Choice and to continue to establish 
ourselves as a true National Asset, supporting 
India’s financial resilience and serving every 
participant who seeks hedging, trading and 
investments against a complex environment. I 
thank you for your trust, and I look forward, with 
conviction, to the opportunities ahead.
Warm regards,
Praveena Rai
MD & Chief Executive Officer
Dear Shareholders,
Fiscal Year 2025-26 was a defining period for 
your Company, marked by strong growth, broad 
based participation and progress across our 
product and market ecosystem. Total income 
more than doubled to `2,429 crores, and profit 
after tax rose 138%, total average daily turnover 
(Total ADT) increased by 145% to `5.4 lakh 
crores, with broad-based growth across Bullion, 
Energy and Base Metals. Your Company also 
became the world’s fourth largest commodity 
exchange by the number of contracts traded in 
2025, as per Futures Industry Association.
The strong growth achieved during the year was 
the outcome of MCX business strategy, focused 
execution and continued investment in the 
capabilities of the institution. The key drivers for 
growth were product innovation, technology and 
operational excellence, increased participation 
and tightened risk controls.
It further strengthened its role in the commodity 
ecosystem by facilitating a proactive, transparent 
market-based price discovery, improving 
access to hedging mechanism by creating a 
marketplace where price risk can be identified, 
transferred, and managed efficiently. This 
has enhanced the resilience of value-chain 
participants while contributing to more efficient 
and transparent commodity markets. 
We expanded our member base, introduced 
new products, deepened participation and 
strengthened our delivery, technology, 
compliance and risk-management frameworks.
Our strategy has remained focused on expanding 
the commodity ecosystem. We have continued 
to identify opportunities where we can create 
greater value for participants, while investing 
in the infrastructure, processes and capabilities 
required to deliver at scale. This approach 
has enabled us to grow our business while 
strengthening the foundations of the institution.
Beyond operational performance, a key structural 
impact this year lay in redefining domestic price 
benchmarks – including expanding institutional 
adoption – and transforming physical delivery 
frameworks through comprehensive Good 
Delivery norms. These initiatives advance India’s 
transition to be an influential price setter. 
A Record Y ear
Operating efficiency supported significant 
margin expansion, with the EBITDA margin 
reaching 73% and the net margin 55%, even 
as we continued to invest in the future with 
earnings per share also increasing to `52.22 
India’s commodity market is entering 
a transformative growth phase. Rising 
industrial and energy demand, a formalizing 
agricultural value chain, the push for  
self-reliance in critical minerals, and India’s 
deepening integration with global markets 
together present an immense opportunity.
14
Corporate Overview
MCX Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 15


--- page 25 ---
Financial Capital
FY 2025-26 delivered record income, profitability and margins for your Company, reflecting 
the efficiency of a scalable exchange platform. Financial Capital is both an outcome of MCX’s 
market leadership and the fuel that funds continued investment in technology, products 
and resilience.
Financial Performance Overview
Consolidated total income rose 101% to ₹2,429 crores in  
FY 2025-26, while income from operations more than doubled 
to ₹2,302 crores, up 107%. Higher trading volumes, led by 
Bullion and Energy, combined with operating leverage to lift 
EBITDA 133% to ₹1,774 crores and profit after tax 138% to 
₹1,332 crores. EBITDA margin expanded to 73% (from 63%) and 
net profit margin to 55% (from 46%). On a standalone basis, 
total income was ₹2,282 crores and PAT ₹1,029 crores.
FY 2025-26
2,429
1,332
FY 2024-25
1,209
560
FY 2023-24
759
83
Consolidated performance (` in crores)
Net ProfitTotal Income Net Margin
` crores (consolidated) FY 2025-26 FY 2024-25 FY 2023-24
Total income 2,429 1,209 759
Net profit (PAT) 1,332 560 83
EBITDA 1,774 762 140
EBITDA margin 73% 63% 18%
Net profit margin 55% 46% 11%
Three-Y ear Trends
Key Ratios (consolidated) FY 2025-26 FY 2024-25
EBITDA margin 73% 63%
Net profit margin 55% 46%
Earnings per share (`) 52.22 21.96
Book value per share (`) 111.69 73.90
Return on equity (RoE) 56.27% 34.33%
Return on capital employed (RoCE) 58.74% 36.52%
Key Ratios
Leader’s Perspective
FY 2025-26 was a defining year for MCX’s financial 
performance. Consolidated total income more than 
doubled to ₹2,429 crores and profit after tax rose 
138% to ₹1,332 crores, as the operating leverage of 
our technology platform converted higher volumes 
into stronger margins, with EBITDA margin expanding 
to 73%. A robust Core Settlement Guarantee Fund 
of ₹1,367 crores underpins market integrity, while 
healthy cash generation supports continued 
investment in technology, products and resilience. We 
remain focused on disciplined capital allocation and 
sustainable, profitable growth that creates long-term 
value for all stakeholders. ”
Mr. Chandresh Shah
Chief Financial Officer, MCX
16
Corporate Overview
MCX Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 17


--- page 26 ---
Services and Intellectual Capital
Your Company’s services and intellectual capital is the physical and digital backbone of 
the marketplace - the trading platform that matches orders, the clearing corporation that 
guarantees settlement, and the warehousing and delivery network that bridges futures to 
physical commodities. Built on a scalable, high-availability model and backed by sustained 
investment in technology and human capital, this infrastructure handled record volumes in 
FY 2025-26 while extending access to a growing base of members and participants.
`1,367 crores
Settlement Guarantee Fund 
at MCXCCL
237
Clearing Members  
10 Clearing Banks
200+ crores
Peak Transaction Messages, 
Single Day
2 crores
Peak Trades Executed, 
Single Day
45 Minutes
Primary DC  DR 
Switchover Time
4
BCP/DR Mock Drills 
Conducted, FY 2025-26
95,781 MT
Commodities Delivered 
Base metals, FY 2025-26
At a Glance
Platform and Capacity
  Commodity Derivatives Platform 
(CDP): scalable, high-availability 
electronic trading system.
  Average daily turnover up 144.7% 
to ₹5.36 lakh crore - highest ever 
for the Exchange.
  Peak ADT of ₹29.92 lakh crore 
recorded on April 30, 2026.
  Peak single-day load: 200+ crore 
transaction messages and 2 crore 
trades processed.
Archit
ecture & Network
  Gateway servers upgraded to 
latest-generation configuration 
at P
rimary DC and DR sites; 
additional gateways deployed for 
future growth.
  Horizontally scalable, partition-
based architecture; partitions 
increased to optimize load 
balancing, scale capacity and cut 
la
tency.
  Backhaul bandwidth upgraded 
across MPLS and Internet 
networks to support r
ising order/
trade volumes.
  Uniform trading experience 
maintained across CTCL, Algo 
and Exchange thick-client users 
via dedicat
ed, demand-scaled 
gateways.
Operations Automation
  EOD/BOD batch execution 
automated with periodic 
monitoring, shor
tening the 
completion window.
  SOD/EOD operations are now 
managed independently in-house, 
reducing dependency on softwar
e 
vendors.
  Dedicated in-house technology 
teams drive architecture review, 
automa
tion, and core systems 
management.
Trading Platform (CDP)
Geographic Presence
MCX serves participants nationwide through a pan-India network of registered members and authorized persons and extends its 
reach through strategic alliances with leading global exchanges and a wide network of trade bodies, industry associations and 
educational institutions.
583
Registered Members 
Pan-India Network
32,044
Authorized Persons
Reaching Investors Nationwide
Ms. Ruchi Shukla, Head - Energy, MCX at the PSU Transformation Conclave 2026, strengthening industry partnerships and driving 
transformation.
18
Corporate Overview
MCX Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 19


--- page 27 ---
4 Mock Drills
  BCP/DR mock drills 
successfully conducted 
during FY 2025-26 
to validat
e system 
preparedness.
Independent DR 
Execution
  Live trading run from 
the DR site for two 
consecutive working 
day
s every six months, 
per regulatory norms.
  DR staff ran live 
trading entirely 
independent of 
primary-site staff.
45-Minute Switchover
  Proven Primary DC/
DR recovery timeline, 
ensuring business 
con
tinuity.
ISO-Certified
  ISO 9001:2015 
(Quality).
  ISO 14001:2015 
(Environment).
  ISO 22301:2019 
(Business Continuity).
  ISO/IEC 27001:2022 
(Information Security.)
BCP/DR Readiness Resilience in Action 
Business Continuity in Practice
  In one instance i.e on October 28, 2025, trading at the 
trading at the Exchange started with a delay; trading 
commenced fr
om the disaster recovery site and continued 
normally for the rest of the day.
  Root cause was identified and necessary preventive actions 
were taken.
  The Exchange has since strengthened safeguards to 
prevent recurrence of similar conditions.
  We regret the inconvenience caused to the market 
participants. The Exchange thanks the Exchange thanks its 
members, par
ticipants and stakeholders for their support, 
cooperation and understanding during the incident.
Digital Participant Experience
Brokers, traders and institutional participants experience MCX 
through its interfaces, APIs and data feeds. Richer platforms, 
deeper automation and real-time data flow translate directly 
into easier access, higher engagement and greater  
trading activity.
Institutional Knowledge  
and Capability
Two decades of commodity-market expertise, a trusted brand 
and a continually upskilled workforce form intangible assets 
that competitors cannot easily replicate, and that increasingly 
position MCX’s data and benchmarks as strategic assets.
Highlights
  Sustained investment in technology and human capital 
across technology, risk management, complianc
e and 
operations teams.
  Continuous training and skill-upgradation to keep staff 
capabilities aligned with technology advancements.
Cyber Resilience
As a SEBI-regulated Market Infrastructure Institution (MII) and 
a designated Critical Information Infrastructure (CII), MCX has 
implemented security architecture that combines preventive, 
detective, corrective and proactive security controls across 
people, process, and technology domains. Key security 
capabilities include safeguarding sensitive information, 
continuous threat monitoring and timely incident response.
MCX has adopted a defense-in-depth strategy to ensure 
information security at all layers with well-defined Cyberecurity 
and Cyber Resilience Policy and comprehensive Information 
Security policy. MCX has established best in class Cybersecurity 
Operations Center (C-SOC) which operates 24x7x365 for 
continuous monitoring, detection, quick response and recovery 
in case of any type of cyber attacks. Security assurance is 
independently validated through periodic Vulnerability 
Assessment and Penetration Testing (VAPT).
Information Security team has implemented People, Process 
and Technology security controls in the form of best-in-class 
tools and technologies, processes aligned with global standards 
like ISO 27001:2022, and NIST, among others, and regular 
awareness initiatives to strengthen the human firewall for 
protection against cyber attacks. The Cybersecurity awareness 
sessions are also being extended to the market participants 
for creating awareness to build robust cybersecurity and cyber 
resilience framework in the commodity market at large.
MCX has observed October 2025 as the Cybersecurity 
Awareness Month to raise awareness and encourage proactive 
behavior with an aim to strengthen the MII infrastructure. Various 
activities have been carried out, including awareness sessions 
for all employees, tabletop exercises by external expert and 
participation in regulatory trainings/sessions, among others. 
MCX has also conducted engaging programs such as poster & 
slogan making competitions, cyber quizzes, games, rewards and 
recognition among others, throughout the month, to enhance 
preparedness among employees against cyber attacks. 
What Powers the Infrastructure
For a commodity exchange, intellectual capital is the business 
itself: the technology platform, surveillance intelligence, 
proprietary systems, data and accumulated domain knowledge 
that convert price discovery into a trusted national utility. 
FY 2025-26 Progress
 Peak ADT supported (₹29.92 lakhs crore on April 30, 2026)
 Peak transaction messages: 200+ crore in a single day
 Peak trades: 2 crore in a single day
  Partition-based, horizontally scalable trading architecture; 
partitions increased during the year to raise capacity and 
cut latency
  Latest-generation gateway servers deployed at Primary DC 
and DR; additional gateways added
  Backhaul bandwidth upgraded across MPLS and Internet 
networks
Resilient Technology Core
The trading and clearing platform is MCX’s primary product. Its 
ability to scale with surging volumes, sustain ultra-low latency 
and deliver uninterrupted uptime under peak load is the 
foundation on which every other capability rests.
Controls Strengthened 
during FY 2025-26
  Enhanced vulnerability, 
threat risk assessments.
  Implementation of multiple 
Deception technologies.
  Market participants – 
Interaction with members, 
sessions, and advisories, 
among others.
  Adversarial exposure 
validation by way of various 
cybersecurity sc
enario 
testing, and drills among 
others.
  Strengthened in-house SOC 
capabilities.
  Security control review  
for API. 
The Road Ahead
  Readiness for Adherence 
to DPDP Act.
  Strengthen defenses 
against attacks leveraging 
emerging technology with 
new-age identification and 
def
ence mechanisms.
  Build dedicated offence 
team for identifying gaps 
ahead of time.
  MCX is currently reviewing 
the technology areas for 
post quantum readiness.
Mr. Sunil Batra, Chief Technology Officer, MCX addressing 
the team on the future of technology at the Quarterly MCX 
Townhall.
Securing Our Systems for Tomorrow
Tech and critical operations insights from Executive Director 
Mr. Sanjay Rajpal at the Quarterly MCX Townhall.
20
Corporate Overview
MCX Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 21


--- page 28 ---
Natural Capital
As a technology-driven market infrastructure institution, your Company operates with a 
naturally limited environmental footprint, guided by a formal Environmental Policy and a 
reduce-reuse-recover ethos. From energy-efficient IT infrastructure to responsible e-waste 
disposal, emission controls and climate-friendly practices are embedded across day-to-day 
operations.
Our Approach
Guided by its Environmental Policy, your Company believes in climate-friendly business practices and uses resources efficiently as 
well as favors energy-efficient equipment with a longer, more durable working life. Environmental responsibility is organized around 
five focus areas.
Drives operations on energy-
efficient equipment chosen 
for a longer, more durable 
working life, reducing both 
consumption and replacement 
cycles. The installation of a 
Variable Refrigerant Volume 
(VRV) air-conditioning system 
has further enhanced energy 
efficiency, optimized cooling 
performance, and lowered 
electricity consumption, 
contributing to reduced Scope 
2 greenhouse gas emissions. 
IT infrastructure is built on 
a scalable model in which 
capacity is expanded through 
upgrades – extending asset life, 
curbing hardware waste, and 
sustaining productivity through 
regular maintenance and 
software and storage upgrades.
The Company encourages 
online meetings wherever 
possible and limits physical 
travel, lowering travel-related 
emissions while maintaining 
connectivity across teams and 
stakeholders.
Waste is managed on the 
principle of Reduce, Reuse and 
Recover. A dedicated E-Waste 
Policy routes electronic waste to 
authorized recyclers, ensuring 
no e-waste reaches landfill, 
while password-enabled 
printers cut unnecessary paper 
use across offices.
Your Company has fitted 
Retrofit Emission Control 
Devices (RECDs) on its diesel 
generators to trap particulate 
matter before it escapes 
into the air. Environmental 
quality is tracked through 
regular stack emission, 
noise-pollution and air-
quality checks, supporting 
compliance and a healthier 
workplace.
Environment Metrics FY 2025-26
Environmental Responsibility
Energy & Resource  
Efficiency
Green & Scalable 
Technology
Low-Carbon 
Operations
Waste Management 
& Circularity
Emissions & 
Environmental Monitoring
Pillar 5
10,499 GJ
Total Energy Consumption
10,918 kL
Total Volume of  
Water Withdrawal
10,297 GJ
Total Electricity Consumption
8,734 kL
Total Water Discharged
202 GJ
Total Fuel Consumption
2.60 MT
E-waste  
Responsibly Recycled
2,184 kL
Total Volume of  
Water Consumption
2,120 tCO2e
GHG Emissions  
(Scope 1 and Scope 2)
Pillar 1 Pillar 2 Pillar 3 Pillar 4
22
Corporate Overview
MCX Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 23


--- page 29 ---
Human Capital
For a Market Infrastructure Institution, expertise is the engine of trust – every price 
discovered and every risk managed rests on the skill, integrity, and agility of your Company’s 
people. Your Company invests in its team through continuous capability building, inclusive 
growth, and a high-performance culture, equipping its workforce to match the rising 
technology intensity and scale of India’s leading commodity exchange.
478
Total Employees 
On rolls as of  
March 31, 2026
79:21
Gender Ratio 
Male : Female
26%
Women in Leadership 
6 of 23 Key  
Managerial Personnel
~95%
Workforce Trained 
Training Structured  
during the Year
MCX’s Workforce at a Glance
Hiring
During FY 2025-26, your Company’s 
headcount evolved steadily, aligned 
to business growth, operational 
requirements, and strategic initiatives. 
Recruitment focused on strengthening 
business continuity, technological 
capabilities, risk management, and 
operational efficiency, with hiring 
concentrated in critical-operations and 
regulatory functions. 
Training and  
Capability Building
Your Company promotes a culture of 
continuous learning and professional 
development. During the year, 
approximately over 95% of workforce 
underwent training spanning functional, 
leadership, technical and awareness 
programs. The key areas being built 
include leadership development, 
employee engagement, domain-specific 
technical skills, and cybersecurity 
awareness, supported by a future-ready 
learning-and-development framework 
that prepares employees for rising 
technology intensity and operational 
scale.
Your Company strengthens leadership 
capability to drive strategic growth 
and operational excellence. Strategic 
offsite meets sharpen strategic thinking, 
innovation, change management, and 
people-leadership capabilities, while 
leadership programs build depth across 
governance, risk management, and 
market development.
Diversity and Inclusion
Your Company is committed to building an inclusive and diverse workforce, supported 
by equal-opportunity practices across hiring and career progression. As of March 31, 
2026, the gender ratio stood at 79% male and 21% female, while women held 26% of 
leadership positions, accounting for 6 of the 23 Key Managerial Personnel.
Engagement, Safety and Well-being 
Your Company maintains a safe and secure workplace and complies with applicable 
workplace-safety norms, supporting employee well-being through a productive and 
balanced work environment. Your Company fosters a connected, high-performance 
culture through structured, year-round engagement:
  Quarterly townhalls and management 
connect with the MD & CEO
  Half-yearly and annual rewards 
and recognition framework
  Employee engagement surveys   Learning and development 
initiatives
  Strategic offsite meets for the 
leadership team
  Year-round employee events and a 
Pan-India annual event
  Proactive, inclusive policies   Employee participation in CSR 
activities
Gender Diversity Workforce b
y Function Tenure Mix
Male Female
Regulatory & Risk 
Critical Operations 
Business & Support
79%
478
Employees
21%
478 47.5%
25.9%
26.6%
3-5 Years
5-10 Years
10+ Years
0-3 Years
240
75
49
114
35% of the team has 5+ years with 
the ExchangeAs of March 31, 2026
Leader’s Perspective
At MCX, our people are the foundation of a trusted, 
resilient, and innovative marketplace. As the Exchange 
scaled to record volumes during FY 2025-26, we 
invested in building future-ready capabilities – 
deepening technical and leadership skills, embedding 
a culture of continuous learning, and strengthening 
engagement across the organization. A 478-strong 
team, increasingly diverse and with growing 
representation of women in leadership, brings the 
domain expertise and agility that set MCX apart. 
As technology intensity and market complexity 
rise, we remain committed to nurturing talent, 
safeguarding well-being, and fostering an inclusive, 
high-  performance culture that powers  
sustainable growth. ”
Ms. Kavita Shrivastav 
Chief Human Resources Officer, MCX
Setting the Strategic Vision
Ms. Praveena Rai, MD & CEO, addresses the team at the Quarterly MCX Townhall on 
our growth roadmaps and key priorities.
Celebrating our team members at the Townhall with the MCX Long Service Awards-rewarding the loyalty and passion that drive 
our growth.
24
Corporate Overview
MCX Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 25


--- page 30 ---
Social and Relationship Capital
As a market infrastructure institution, your Company creates value by enabling trust, 
participation and engagement across the commodity ecosystem. Stronger relationships 
attract greater participation; increased participation enhances liquidity; and deeper 
liquidity strengthens the value and relevance of the platform for all stakeholders.
Market Participants
Your Company provides a trusted, 
neutral and transparent platform for 
commodity market participants to 
discover prices and manage risks. By 
enabling participation across retail 
traders, businesses and institutions, 
your Company strengthens liquidity and 
creates value across the ecosystem.
Members and Intermediaries
Members and intermediaries connect your Company with market participants by 
facilitating access, order execution and trade settlement. Your Company supports 
them through reliable infrastructure, fair practices and consistent service to 
strengthen market participation.
Key Stakeholders
 Traders   
 Institutions 
 Hedgers  
 Brokers
Key Stakeholders
 Trading Members  
 Authorized Persons 
 Clearing Members 
 Clearing Banks
Key Stakeholders
 Institutional Investors 
 Retail Shareholders 
 Research Analysts
Key Stakeholders
 SEBI 
 CERC and State Regulators 
 RBI  
 MCA 
 Other Authorities
583
Trading Members
`1,367 crores
Settlement Guarantee Fund
`2,429 crores
Total Income in FY 2025-26 (+101%)
`164 crores
Contribution to Statutory Funds and 
Regulatory Fees (FY 2025-26)
`1,332 crores
Profit After Tax (+138%)
`52.22
Earnings per Share (vs ₹21.96)  
March 31, 2026
`609 billion
Market Capitalization  
(March 31, 2026)
32,044
Authorized Persons
10
Banks Empaneled for funds Settlement
237
Clearing Members
4.65 crores
Unique client codes  
As of March 31, 2026
Investors and Analysts
Your Company engages with 
shareholders and analysts as long-
term partners through transparent 
communication, consistent disclosures 
and strong governance practices. 
By demonstrating performance and 
accountability, your Company continues 
to build stakeholder trust.
Investor Awareness and Outreach
Through its Investor Protection Fund (IPF), your Company conducts nationwide investor awareness programs that deepen 
understanding of exchange-traded commodity derivatives and widen participation a wide range of stakeholders. During  
FY 2025-26, the Exchange conducted more than 2,600 investor awareness programs, including over 210 Regional Investor Seminars 
for Awareness (RISA) organized jointly with SEBI.
Regulators and 
Institutions
As a SEBI-regulated market 
infrastructure institution, your Company 
prioritizes compliance and market 
integrity. Your Company operates 
within the regulatory framework, 
maintains transparency and works 
with regulators to strengthen India’s 
commodity-derivatives market.
Mega RISA (Regional Investor 
Seminar for Awareness), Rajkot Students, defense personnel and 
general investors
Industry association and investors
Corporate investors
Farmer Producer  
Organizations (FPOs)
Women investors
Indian Institute of Materials 
Management, Bengaluru
Rex Fuels Management Private 
Limited, Mumbai
Praja Mithra Raithu MAC  
Federation Limited
Shree Sardar Patel Mahila College
Program
Audience Reached
Celebrating the bright young minds of 
commodity markets with the winners 
and participants of the 8th Edition of 
MCX-IPF COMQUEST 2026.
IITF Delhi 2025 - Representing MCX at 
the Bharat Ka Share Bazaar initiative, 
promoting awareness and financial 
literacy among the general investors.
26
Corporate Overview
MCX Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 27


--- page 31 ---
Nurturing 
Communities, 
Enabling Lives.
For your Company, Corporate Social 
Responsibility extends beyond 
compliance to creating social value 
through focused interventions in 
education, healthcare, livelihoods, 
environmental stewardship and sports 
development. These initiatives strengthen 
community resilience, capabilities and 
participation.
Impact Story
CSR Investment  
FY 2025-26
Focus Areas and Initiatives
Strengthens learning by improving 
school infrastructure, expanding 
STEM and digital access, supporting 
inclusive education, and building 
employability through skilling.
Build sustainable livelihoods by 
strengthening rural incomes, 
promoting climate-smart 
agriculture, and equipping 
people with skills for economic 
self-reliance and employability.
Supports equitable healthcare 
through advanced medical 
infrastructure, cancer care, 
preventive and mobile 
health programs, and care for 
vulnerable groups.
`483.53 lakhs
Total CSR Obligation
`390.20 lakhs
Amount Spent 
860
Girls Directly Impacted
3+2
Science Labs and Interactive  
Panels Installed
Grades 5-12
Students Benefiting as  
Permanent Assets
2,000+ 
Learners and Youth Empowered
4,389+ 
Created Sustainable Livelihoods and 
Employment Generation of Youth
43,000+ 
Patients and Dependents 
Reached Annually
454
School Centric Materials for 
Underprivileged Students  
3,750
Tribal Dominated Villagers (Farmers) 
Trained in Sustainable Practices
20,000
Rural Beneficiaries of Mobile 
Eye Care
860 
Girl Students Given Access to  
STEM Labs
600 
Youth Equipped for the Job Market
100%
Inclusive – Athletes and Para-Athletes
900+ 
Cancer Surgeries Enabled each Year
686 
Model School for  
Underprivileged Students 
39 
Athletes and Para-Athletes Supported
Olympic
Pathway Training and Medical Support
22,000 
Underprivileged Cancer Patients
100 
Abandoned Young Adults with 
Intellectual Disabilities (ID) 
Education
Livelihood
Healthcare
Advances sustainability through 
water conservation, safe drinking 
water, renewable energy, and 
climate-resilient infrastructure 
that strengthens ecological and 
community resilience.
17,719
Secured Safe Drinking 
Water and Safe Mobility for 
Underprivileged Villagers
15,000+
People Given Safe Drinking Water
2,719
Tribal Residents Reached through Solar
Environment
Focus area: Education  |  Partner: Vimukti Sanstha  |  Location: Jaipur, Rajasthan
STEM Labs for Girls
At Vimukti's school for 
underprivileged girls, the lack 
of laboratory facilities meant 
science was taught primarily 
through textbooks. Reliance 
on external laboratories 
offered limited practical 
exposure, affecting conceptual 
understanding, board 
examination preparedness and 
future career aspirations.
BEFORE AFTER
Your Company established fully 
equipped Chemistry, Physics and 
Composite Laboratories, along 
with laboratory furniture and two 
interactive digital panels, enabling 
experiential learning as part of 
the daily curriculum. Students 
in Grades 6-10 regularly use the 
Composite Laboratory, while 
Grade 11-12 science students 
undertake practical sessions in the 
dedicated laboratories.
28
Corporate Overview
MCX Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 29


--- page 32 ---
Board of 
Directors 
Dr. Harsh Kumar Bhanwala
Chairman & Public Interest Director
Independent Director on the Boards 
of HDFC Bank and the Microfinance 
Institutions Network (an SRO recognised 
by the Reserve Bank of India), and a 
Member of the Governing Board of 
IIM Rohtak. Former Executive Director 
and subsequently Chairman-cum-
Managing Director of Infrastructure 
Finance Company Limited., as well as 
former Executive Chairman of Capital 
India Finance Limited and former 
Chairman of NABARD. Brings over 39 
years of experience in development 
finance, organizational transformation, 
addressing rural challenges, enhancing 
farmers’ incomes, and promoting 
sustainable agriculture.
Mr. Chandra Shekhar Verma
Public Interest Director
Former Chairman and Managing 
Director of Steel Authority of India 
Limited (SAIL) and former Chairman 
and Managing Director of National 
Mineral Development Corporation 
(NMDC). Serves on the boards of several 
listed companies, bringing extensive 
leadership experience across the steel, 
mining and manufacturing sectors.
Mr. Ashutosh Vaidya
Public Interest Director
Former Chief Delivery and Operations 
Officer, Dell Services Worldwide, and 
Director at Dell International Services 
India Private Limited. Former member 
of the NASSCOM Executive Council. 
Has over 35 years of experience in the 
global IT industry and currently serves 
on the AGX Collaboratory Forum.
Ms. Sonu Bhasin
Public Interest Director
Currently an Independent Director 
in various well-known and reputed 
domestic and multinational companies. 
She is a former President of Axis Bank 
and has also held senior leadership 
positions at Tata Capital, Yes Bank, ING 
Vysya Bank and Tata Administrative 
Service.
Dr. Navrang Saini
Public Interest Director
Former Chairperson of the Insolvency 
and Bankruptcy Board of India and 
former Director General at the Ministry 
of Corporate Affairs, Government of 
India. Also served as a commissioned 
officer in the Territorial Army.
Mr. Arvind Kathpalia
Non-Independent Director
Former Group President & Chief Risk 
Officer and Group Head Operations, 
Technology and Finance of Kotak 
Mahindra Bank Limited. Held several 
leadership positions in India and 
overseas, with ANZ Grindlays and 
Standard Chartered Bank. Over 40 years 
of experience in the banking industry.
Mr. Santosh Kumar Mohanty
Public Interest Director
IRS Officer of the 1991 Batch and has 
held various positions in IRS before 
serving as a Commissioner of Income 
Tax. Former Whole-Time Member of 
SEBI for five years. Previously held 
the position of ED, SEBI,  and worked 
as Director at the Forward Markets 
Commission
Mr. Mohan Shenoi
Non-Independent Director
Banking professional with over 43 
years of wide-ranging experience, deep 
expertise in global financial markets, 
treasury operations and financial risk 
management, significant expertise 
in bank mergers and integration, and 
experience in setting up new private 
sector banks in India.
Mr. Sanjay Rajpal
Executive Director (Critical Operations)
Former Technology Head at Amazon 
and has held leadership positions at 
Finastra, Reliance Jio, Yodlee and Intuit. 
Founded Ryatech Software and brings 
over 30 years of experience across 
e-commerce, banking, telecom, cloud 
computing and enterprise software.
Ms. Praveena Rai
Managing Director & Chief Executive 
Officer
Former Chief Operating Officer, 
National Payments Corporation of 
India. Previously held leadership 
positions in the Citi Group, HSBC and 
Kotak Mahindra Bank. Over 30 years 
of experience, including 20 years in 
financial services.
Mr. Manoj Kumar Jain
Executive Director (Regulatory, 
Compliance, Risk Management & 
Investor Grievances)
Capital markets professional with 
30 years of domestic and global 
experience in regulatory compliance, 
governance, risk management, 
operations and business leadership. 
Previously served as Chief Compliance 
Officer and Chief Operating Officer at 
MCX, and has worked with SEBI, Dell 
Perot Systems, Wipro, IL&FS Securities 
and Axis Bank.
Board Composition 
and Diversity
2 (18%)
Women Directors
6 (54.5%)
Independent Directors
Majority-led Board, 
including Chairman
Public Interest Directors
30
Corporate Overview
MCX Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 31


--- page 33 ---
Policies
Your Company has adopted a robust set of Board-approved policies and frameworks that support sound corporate governance, 
ensure regulatory compliance, and reinforce transparency, accountability, and ethical business practices. Key governance 
frameworks include the Risk Management Framework, Client Grievance and Dispute Resolution Mechanism, Investor Protection 
Fund Trust, and Regulatory Compliance Framework. 
Read  more 
The Exchange has established an enterprise-wide ERM framework to identify, assess, monitor and mitigate risks across the 
organization and its ecosystem. The Risk Management Committee (RMC) assists the Board in overseeing the framework by 
reviewing key risks, mitigation measures, internal controls, business continuity arrangements, and emerging risk priorities. The 
Committee periodically apprises the Board of material risk developments and approves the half-yearly risk report submitted to SEBI 
and the Governing Board.
Risk Management
Risks Details Mitigation Plan
Operational/
Talent
Clearing and settlement 
risk during extreme 
volatility; talent acquisition 
and retention in fintech, 
cybersecurity, and quant roles
Strengthened clearing and settlement risk controls, enhanced stress testing, and 
targeted talent acquisition, retention, and capability-building initiatives for critical 
technology and risk functions.
Market Risks
Geopolitical and trade risk; 
currency (`) fluctuation risk; 
global economic slowdown 
inflation risk
Your Company mitigates these risks through product diversification, continuous product 
innovation, expansion of its product portfolio, enhancement of market participation, 
volatility-based margining, real-time position monitoring, robust market surveillance, 
scenario analysis.  Additionally, cost resilience through efficiency and product financial 
management.  
Business Risks
Liquidity fragmentation 
from near-identical products 
across exchanges escalating 
technology/infrastructure 
costs as an MII; staff attrition
Your Company mitigates business risks through product differentiation, continuous 
product innovation, expansion of market participation, and sustained engagement 
with stakeholders. Escalating technology and infrastructure costs are addressed 
through prudent investment planning, infrastructure optimization, strategic vendor 
management, and cost-efficiency initiatives. Talent related risks are mitigated through 
employee engagement, capacity development, succession planning, and benchmarking, 
among others, etc., supported by robust governance and operational excellence.
Financial 
Risks
Imposition or enhancement of 
statutory costs/levies; impact 
of monetary policy changes 
on treasury income
To minimize the effect of interest rate volatility on treasury income your Company is 
continuously monitoring its portfolio to be in line with market trends. Your Company has 
adopted amortization method for investments held till maturity.
Regulatory 
Risks
Suspension/ban on derivative 
contracts (e.g., continued CPO 
Futures suspension); technical 
glitches; adverse regulatory or 
policy decisions
To navigate regulatory shifts, your Company proactively engages with Policymakers, 
Stakeholders and closely monitors developments. Operational and technological 
resilience is maintained through infrastructure investments, including the elimination of 
single point of failure, robust failover mechanisms, continuous cybersecurity monitoring, 
and a comprehensive Business Continuity and Disaster Recovery framework. 
Cybersecurity 
and Data 
Security Risks
Cybersecurity threats, 
system disruptions, and data 
breaches given growing 
digitalization and algorithmic 
trading
To protect its assets, your Company has established a stringent, multi-layered 
cybersecurity framework. This defense system leverages strict access controls, data 
encryption, continuous threat monitoring, and regulatory vulnerability assessments. 
Backed by routine testing, independent audits, and isolated infrastructure environments, 
the Company ensures robust incident response and recovery capabilities. 
Reputational
Market perception risk 
linked to technology failures, 
regulatory actions, or 
governance concerns
Your Company recognizes that market perception risks are closely tied to technology failures, 
regulatory actions, and governance concerns. Any disruption in these areas can materially 
impact stakeholder trust. To safeguard its reputation, your Company relies on a strong policy 
framework designed for transparent stakeholder communication and immediate, structured 
response  in addition to the strengthening of Infra, Personnels, etc.
Key Risks and Mitigation Plan
As a listed Market Infrastructure Institution (MII) regulated by SEBI, your Company’s governance 
framework rests on the principle that sound corporate governance strengthens stakeholder 
confidence and sustains the integrity of price discovery. The framework combines regulatory 
compliance, Board oversight, and a multi-layered risk and surveillance architecture to keep 
MCX’s markets transparent, fair, and free of unethical trade practices.
Approach to   
Governance
Identifying, Assessing and Managing Risk
Identification
Through a structured  
bottom-up and  
top-down process
Risk Coverage
   Strategic
   Operational
   Market
   Financial
   Cybersecurity
   Regulatory
   Legal
   Reputational
   Others
Emerging Risk 
Assessment
Cross-functional 
Review
   Business
   Technology
   Compliance
   Operations
Assessment and 
Prioritization
   Impact
   Probability
   Risk Rating
   Risk Appetite
    Tolerance Thresholds
Environmental 
Scanning 
   Horizon Assessment
    Environmental 
Scanning
    Regulatory 
Engagement
   Industry Forums
   MII CollaborationAUDIT COMMITTEE
Mr. Ashutosh Vaidya - Chairman
Dr. Harsh Kumar Bhanwala - Member
Mr. Santosh Kumar Mohanty - Member
Dr. Navrang Saini - Member
Mr. Mohan Shenoi - Member
NOMINATION AND REMUNERATION 
COMMITTEE
Mr. Chandra Shekhar Verma - Chairman
Dr. Harsh Kumar Bhanwala - Member
Mr. Ashutosh Vaidya - Member
Ms. Sonu Bhasin - Member
Mr. Mohan Shenoi - Member
CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY 
COMMITTEE
Mr. Arvind Kathpalia - Chairman
Ms. Sonu Bhasin - Member
Mr. Mohan Shenoi - Member
Ms. Praveena Rai - Member
REGULATORY OVERSIGHT COMMITTEE
Mr. Chandra Shekhar Verma - Chairman
Dr. Harsh Kumar Bhanwala - Member
Mr. Ashutosh Vaidya - Member
Mr. Santosh Kumar Mohanty  - Member
Dr. Navrang Saini - Member
Mr. Mohan Shenoi - Member
Mr. Anjani Agrawal - Independent External 
Expert - Member
INVESTMENT COMMITTEE
Ms. Sonu Bhasin - Chairperson
Mr. Chandra Shekhar Verma - Member
Mr. Santosh Kumar Mohanty - Member
Mr. Mohan Shenoi - Member
Ms. Praveena Rai - Member
RISK MANAGEMENT COMMITTEE
Ms. Sonu Bhasin - Chairperson
Mr. Ashutosh Vaidya - Member
Mr. Santosh Kumar Mohanty - Member
Dr. Navrang Saini - Member
Mr. Arvind Kathpalia - Member
Ms. Shalini Chhabra - Independent 
External Expert - Member
Ms. Praveena Rai - Member
INVESTOR PROTECTION FUND TRUST
Dr. Navrang Saini - Chairman
Dr. Harsh Kumar Bhanwala - Member
Mr. Chandra Shekhar Verma - Member
Mr. Narendra Mehta - Independent 
representative of Investor Association - 
Member
Mr. Praveen DG - Member
STAKEHOLDERS’ RELATIONSHIP 
COMMITTEE
Mr. Chandra Shekhar Verma - Chairman
Dr. Navrang Saini - Member
Mr. Arvind Kathpalia - Member
Ms. Praveena Rai - Member
MEMBER COMMITTEE
Dr. Navrang Saini - Chairman
Dr. Harsh Kumar Bhanwala - Member
Ms. Sonu Bhasin - Member
Mr. Arvind Kathpalia - Member
Dr. Natrajan Ravi Odavar - Independent 
External Expert - Member
Ms. Praveena Rai - Member
STANDING COMMITTEE ON 
TECHNOLOGY
Mr. Ashutosh Vaidya  - Chairman
Mr. Chandra Shekhar Verma - Member
Ms. Sonu Bhasin - Member
Mr. Santosh Kumar Mohanty - Member
Mr. Mohan Shenoi - Member
Mr. Arvind Kathpalia - Member
Mr. PVS Murthy - Independent External 
Expert - Member
Prof. Ramesh Loganathan - Member
Ms. Praveena Rai - Member
Committees of Y our Company
*As on August 4th, 2026
32
Corporate Overview
MCX Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 33


--- page 34 ---
During FY 2025-26, your Company earned multiple prestigious industry honors that affirm its 
market leadership, brand strength, and pivotal role in developing India’s bullion and precious-
metals derivatives markets, each a reflection of the trust the Exchange has built across the 
commodity ecosystem.
Awards   
and Events
Prestigious Brands of Asia 2026
AWARDED BY
Herald Global & BARC Asia for strong 
brand equity and market leadership
Prestigious Brands of Asia 2026
AWARDED BY
IGC Excellence Awards 2025 for excellence and 
contribution to India’s bullion market
Best Exchange for Silver Derivatives 2025
AWARDED BY
India Silver Conference Excellence Awards for growing 
prominence in precious-metals derivatives
Best Commodity Exchange of the Y ear
AWARDED BY
India International Bullion Summit 2025 for leadership 
in India’s commodity and bullion markets
Mega RISA, Rajkot
 Educating police personnel on financial fraud and  commodity risk management
Shree Sardar Patel Mahila College Session: Building early 
financial literacy and commodity awareness
Vibrant Gujarat Regional Conference: Educating investors on 
commodity derivative opportunities and market safety
34
Corporate Overview
MCX Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 35


--- page 35 ---
MCX Metals Report Launch with SEBI Chairman Mr. Tuhin Kanta Pandey
BME Conclave: Engaging Key Stakeholders to Advance India’s Bullion and Metals Ecosystem India Energy Week: Networking with International Leaders to Expand Global Energy Derivatives Reach
MCX Chairman Dr. Harsh Kumar Bhanwala and MD & CEO Ms. Praveena Rai presenting to Finance Minister Ms. Nirmala Sitharaman Book release at ASSOCHAM: Promoting Industry Knowledge and Policy Dialogue with Key Leaders
Launch of Gold Vault by Dhan: Expanding Retail Access to Physical Bullion Storage Solutions
36
Corporate Overview
MCX Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 37


--- page 36 ---
‘A Monk Who Trades’ Book Launch: Using Comic Storytelling to Simplify Complex Trading Concepts
MCX Annual Employee Event 2025 - Celebrating Organizational Growth, Performance, and Future Vision
Strategic Leadership & Development Program with MCX KMPs Celebrating Excellence – MCX Awards 2026
38
Corporate Overview
MCX Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 39


--- page 37 ---
Mr. Sandip Pradhan, Whole Time Member, SEBI, 
Addressing Regulatory Perspectives
Mr. Chandra Shekhar Verma, Public Interest Director, MCX, 
Delivering Insights on Market Expansion
Mr. Vikram Devdutt, Secretary, Ministry of Coal, delivering 
his insightful keynote address on ‘Coal Beyond Carbon’
Global Commodity Conclave  
Driving Innovation and Policy in Indian Commodity Markets
 SEBI Chairman Mr. Tuhin Kanta Pandey ringing the ceremonial gong to inaugurate the  
Global Commodity Conclave 2026
 Dr. Harsh Kumar Bhanwala, Chairman of MCX, delivering 
the welcome address during the inaugural session of the 
Global Commodity Conclave 2026
Dr. Mrutyunjay Mohapatra, Head of IMD, discussing 
Weather Impact on Commodities
Fireside Chat – Legacy Keepers, Young Turks & Wealth Management team with Ms. Sonu Bhasin, 
Public Interest Director, MCX
Inaugurating Global Commodity Conclave (GCC) with SEBI Chairman Mr. Tuhin Kanta Pandey,  
Dr. Harsh Kumar Bhanwala, Mr. Santosh Kumar Mohanty and Ms. Praveena Rai
40
Corporate Overview
MCX Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 41


--- page 38 ---
Dignitaries and Industry Leaders during the Inaugural Session and Official Launch of the Report,  
‘Base Metals: Laying the Foundation of India’s Economic Growth with Mr. Chittaranjan Rege, Head Base Metals, MCX’
MCX Chairman, Dr. Harsh Kumar Bhanwala, MD & CEO, Ms. Praveena Rai & Functional
Head - Research, Mr. Debojyoti Dey unveiling the annual MCX Commodity Insights 
book with SEBI Chairman Mr. Tuhin Kanta Pandey
Address by Mr. Mark Ma, Associate Director,  
The Baltic Exchange, London
Panel Discussion: Benchmarking Global Logistics in a 
Growing India Context
Mr. Rishi Nathany, MD & CEO, MCXCCL;  
Mr. Ulf Boll, CEO, C. Steinweg Group, Netherlands
Global Exchanges Panel: Ms. Rashmi Nihalani, Head - Research, Strategy & Training, MCX with  leading global exchanges 
converged to explore evolving commodity ecosystems, physical-financial market integration and product Session moderated 
by Manisha Gupta, Commodities Editor, CNBC TV 18.
Ms. Praveena Rai, MD & CEO, MCX  Addressing Market 
Leaders at the Global Commodity Conclave
42
Corporate Overview
MCX Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 43


--- page 39 ---
Corporate   
Information
BOARD OF DIRECTORS
Dr. Harsh Kumar Bhanwala
Chairman & Public Interest Director
Mr. Chandra Shekhar Verma
Public Interest Director
Mr. Ashutosh Vaidya
Public Interest Director
Ms. Sonu Bhasin
Public Interest Director
Dr. Navrang Saini
Public Interest Director
Mr. Santosh Kumar Mohanty
Public Interest Director
CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER
Mr. Chandresh Shah
COMPANY SECRETARY
Ms. Manisha Thakur
STATUTORY AUDITORS
M/s. V Sankar Aiyar & Co.
Chartered Accountants
INTERNAL AUDITORS
Mittal & Associates
Chartered Accountants
SECRETARIAL AUDITORS
M/s. AVS & Associates
Practicing Company Secretaries
BANKERS
HDFC Bank
Union Bank of India
REGISTRAR AND 
TRANSFER AGENT
KFin Technologies Limited
Selenium Tower-B,
Plot No. 31 & 32, Gachibowli,
Financial District, Nanakramguda,
Serilingampally, Hyderabad,
Telangana - 500 032.
Toll Free No.: 1800-309-4001
Email: einward.ris@kfintech.com
REGISTERED OFFICE
Multi Commodity Exchange of 
India Limited
CIN: L51909MH2002PLC135594
Exchange Square, Chakala,
Suren Road, Andheri (East),
Mumbai - 400 093, India.
Tel.:+91 22 6731 8888
Website: www.mcxindia.com
Email : info@mcxindia.com
Mr. Arvind Kathpalia
Non-Independent Director
Mr. Mohan Shenoi
Non-Independent Director
Ms. Praveena Rai
Managing Director and  
Chief Executive Officer
Mr. Sanjay Rajpal
Executive Director (Critical Operations)
Mr. Manoj Kumar Jain
Executive Director (Regulatory, 
Compliance, Risk Management & 
Investor Grievances)
44
Statutory Reports
MCX Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 45


--- page 40 ---
46
Statutory Reports
MCX Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
Dear Shareholders,
The Board of Directors present the Twenty Fourth Annual Report of your Company, along with the Audited Financial Statement of 
Accounts for the Financial Year (FY) ended March 31, 2026.
1. STATE OF COMPANY’S AFFAIRS
 FINANCIAL SUMMARY AND HIGHLIGHTS
  
The Company’s /f_inancial performance for the Financial Year (FY) ended March 31, 2026, is summarized below:
(` in crores, except EPS)
Particulars Standalone Consolidated
FY 2025-26 FY 2024-25 FY 2025-26 FY 2024-25
Total Income 2,281.76 1,107.37 2,429.05 1,208.86
Total Operating Expenditure 832.13 491.54 655.42 447.35
Pro/f_it before interest, depreciation, exceptional items and tax 1,449.63 615.83 1,773.63 761.51
Less: Depreciation 74.89 61.61 78.04 63.75
Less: Interest 0.29 0.17 0.36 0.45
Less: Exceptional item - - - -
Add / (Less): Share of loss of Associate - - (4.90) 2.09
Pro/f_it after exceptional items and Share of Pro/f_it / (loss) of 
Associate but before tax
1,374.45 554.05 1,690.33 699.40
Less: Provision for tax 345.41 139.27 358.78 139.36
Pro/f_it after tax 1,029.04 414.78 1,331.55 560.04
Add/(Less): Other Comprehensive Income (net of tax) 12.70 4.67 17.34 2.23
Total Comprehensive Income for the period (Comprising Pro/f_it 
and Other Comprehensive Income for the period)
1,041.74 419.45 1,348.89 562.27
Earnings per share (EPS)
i.  Basic (`) 40.36 16.27 52.22 21.96
ii.  Diluted (`) 40.36 16.27 52.22 21.96
Board’s Report
 FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHT
S
  For FY 2025-26, your Company’s (Standalone) total income 
stood at 
`2,281.76 crores as compared to `1,107.37 crores 
in FY 2024-25. The operating income during the year 
under review was `2,153.67 crores as against `1,011.58 
crores in FY 2024-25. Net pro/f_it after tax in FY 2025-26 
was `1,029.04 crores as compared to `414.78 crores in  
FY 2024-25.
  The net worth of the Company as at March 31, 2026 stood 
at `2,816.24 crores as compared to `1,927.50 crores as at 
March 31, 2025.
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT
  
Your Company has, in accordance with Section 129(3) of the 
Companies Ac
t, 2013, prepared the annual consolidated 
/f_inancial statements, consolidating its /f_inancials with 
its wholly-owned subsidiary Company, MCXCCL and 
the associate companies, Countrywide Commodity 
Repository Limited and India International Bullion Holding 
IFSC Limited. The annual audited consolidated /f_inancial 
statements have been prepared in accordance with the 
requirements of Ind AS prescribed under Section 133 of 
the Companies Act, 2013 read with relevant rules issued 
thereunder, as applicable, and other accounting principles 
generally accepted in India and forms part of this Annual 
Report. A statement containing the salient features 
of /f_inancial statements of the Company’s subsidiaries, 
associates & joint ventures in Form AOC-1 is attached as 
Annexure I to this Report.
 TRADING PERFORMANCE
  
During FY 2025-26, the Average Daily Turnover (ADT) of 
commodity futur
es contracts stood at `64,407 crore vis-à-
vis `27,153 crore in FY 2024-25, witnessing a rise of 137%. 
However, during the same period, the options notional 
ADT went up by 146% to `4,71,641 crore from `1,91,910 
crore. The Realization Rate (RR) for the futures stood at  
`2.10 per lakhs vis-à-vis `2.08 per lakhs (each side) during 
the previous year. Overall traded Unique Client Codes for 
futures and options (UCC – PAN based) during the period 
increased to 20.9 lakhs from 13 lakhs in the previous year.
47
Board’s Report (Contd.)
  
The total turnover of commodity futures traded on 
your Exchange incr
eased by 136% to `165 lakh crore in  
FY 2025-26 as against `70 lakh crore in FY 2024-25. 
Further, options turnover for the year went up by 145% 
to a record total turnover of `1,212 lakh crore as against  
`495 lakh crore in the previous year. The futures in bullion, 
energy, metals and agriculture registered a turnover of 
`129.1 lakh crore, `24.5 lakh crore, `11.9 lakh crore and 
`0.02 lakh crore, respectively, as against `45.2 lakh crore,  
`16.7 lakh crore, `8.1 lakh crore and `0.03 lakh crore in 
the previous year. On the other hand, options turnover in 
energy, bullion and metals recorded total of `514.9 lakh 
crore, `690.7 lakh crore and `6.6 lakh crore, respectively, 
during FY 2025-26 vis-à-vis `402 lakh crore, `92.6 lakh 
crore and `0.5 lakh crore, in the previous year.
  In terms of metal delivery, a total of 95,781 metric tonnes 
(MT) of Base Metals were delivered through the exchange 
mechanism during FY 2025-26 as against 69,383 metric 
tonnes in FY 2024-25. This is highest ever in a /f_inancial year 
since conversion to delivery settled in FY 2019-20. During 
FY 2025-26, your Company’s market share in commodity 
futures market stood at 99.07% as against 98.1% in the 
previous year. The volume of futures (in terms of contracts) 
traded on the Exchange increased by 100% in FY 2025-
26, to 322 million lots, as compared to 161 million lots in  
FY 2024-25. On the other hand, the volume of Options (in 
terms of contracts) traded increased by 99% in FY 2025-
26, to 1,626 million lots, as compared to 815 million lots in  
FY 2024-25.
 GLOBAL COMMODITY MARKET
  
In 2025, global commodity markets saw mixed trend. 
Precious metals and industr
ial metals ended the year with 
strong demand and close to their highest prices of the year, 
while prices of energy and agricultural commodities were 
low due to high supply and weak demand. For precious 
metals, heavy buying by central banks and investors 
looking for safety pushed gold up 65% to end the year 
at USD 4,325.6 per troy ounce (ranging from USD 2,617.3 
to USD 4,556.3 during the year) on COMEX (CME Group), 
while silver jumped 142% to close at USD 70.13 per ounce 
(ranging from USD 28.31 to USD 79.70 in 2025) on the 
same Exchange. Prices of industrial metals also grew due 
to lower mining supply and hopes for economic support, 
with copper rising 42% to USD 12,423 per tonne and 
aluminium gaining 17% to USD 2,995.5 per tonne, while 
zinc, lead, and nickel saw smaller gains – all on the London 
Metal Exchange. In contrast, energy markets cooled as 
high oil production from non-OPEC countries reduced 
shortages that had arisen earlier, pulling WTI crude oil 
down 20% to close at USD 57.42 per barrel on NYMEX 
(CME Group), while natural gas ended almost /f_lat at USD 
3.69 per MMBtu on NYMEX despite volatile price swings 
caused by weather. Finally, agricultural commodities 
ended the year with mixed results because of changing 
weather and low global demand; soybeans prices went up 
3% to USD 10.31 per bushel on CBOT (CME Group), but 
wheat dropped 8% to USD 5.07 per bushel on the same 
Exchange, and cotton fell 6% to USD 0.64 per pound on 
ICE USA during the year.
  In 2025, volumes traded on global commodity derivatives 
Exchanges rose by 16.65% year-on-year to 10.52 billion 
contracts, according to the Futures Industry Association 
(FIA). Measured by the number of contracts traded, volumes 
in Precious Metals, Energy and Non-Precious Metals 
increased by about 45%, 30% and 15% respectively, while 
those in Agri-commodities dropped by 3.9%, as per FIA data.
  The International Monetary Fund (IMF) estimates that 
the global economy grew moderately by 3.4% in 2025,  
demonstra
ting strong resilience despite high trade barriers 
and geopolitical volatility, surpassing performance levels 
of 2024. However, the ongoing war in the Middle East has 
disrupted this momentum in 2026. The closure of the Strait 
of Hormuz, along with signi/f_icant damage to critical facilities 
in a region vital to global hydrocarbon supply, raises the risk 
of a major energy crisis if hostilities persist. The IMF’s World 
Economic O
utlook report of April 2026 projects global 
growth for 2026 and 2027 at 3.1% and 3.2% respectively, 
driven by increased investments and /f_iscal spending.
  Meanwhile, India would continue to be a bright spot in the 
global ec onom
y and remain one of the fastest-growing 
major economies, notes the IMF. For the year 2026 and 
2027, the IMF projects India’s economic growth at 6.5% 
each year, by positive contributions from the carryover of 
the strong 2025 outtur n and the decline in additional US 
tar
iﬀs on Indian goods from 50 to 10 percent, which could 
outweigh the adverse impact of the Middle East con/f_lict.
  Your Company’s performance during the year 2025-26 
and outlook dur ing the year 2026-27 ma
y be analysed 
against this backdrop.
2. SHARE CAPITAL
  During the year under review, there was no change in 
the authoriz
ed or paid-up share capital of the Company. 
However, to enhance market liquidity and expand the 
retail shareholder base, the Board of Directors, at its 
meeting held on August 1, 2025, approved the sub-
division (stock split) of 1 (one) equity share of face value 
of `10/- each into 5 (/f_ive) equity shares of face value of 
`2/- each, fully paid-up. This was subsequently approved 
by the shareholders at the 23 rd Annual General Meeting 
(AGM) held on September 12, 2025, along with the 
consequential amendment to the Capital Clause of the 
Memorandum of Association (MOA).

--- page 41 ---
48
Statutory Reports
MCX Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
  Consequent to the sub-division, as of March 31, 2026, 
the paid-up equity share capital of the Company stood at 
`50,99,83,690/- comprising 25,49,91,845 equity shares of 
`2/- each, fully paid-up.
  During the period under review, the Company has neither 
issued any equity shares with diﬀerential voting rights nor 
granted any sweat equity shares or stock options to its 
employees under any scheme.
3. IMPLEMENTATION OF CORPORATE ACTION
  During the year under review, the Company successfully 
implement
ed its corporate action including the split 
of shares as mentioned above within the prescribed 
statutory timelines.
4. TRANSFER TO RESERVES
  The Company was not required to transfer any amount of 
pro/f_its t
o general reserves for FY 2025-26, pursuant to the 
provisions of Companies Act, 2013.
5. SURPLUS IN PROFIT & LOSS ACCOUNT
  An amount of `2,411.24 cr ores (Previous Year `1,535.20 
crores) is proposed to be retained as surplus in the Pro/f_it 
and Loss Account.
6. DIVIDEND
  The Board of Directors of your Company in its meeting 
held on May 08, 2026, have recommended a dividend of `8 
(400%) per equity share on a face value of `2 per share for the 
Financial Year ended March 31, 2026, subject to the approval 
of shareholders at the ensuing Annual General Meeting.
  The said dividend is in line with the Dividend Distribution 
Policy of the Company.
  The outgo on account of the proposed dividend of 400% 
(Previous Year 300%) to be paid by the Company aggregates 
to approximately ` 203.99 crores, being a payout of 20% 
of the pro/f_it after tax (PAT) for the year ended March 31, 
2026, as against `153 crores during the previous year. 
Shareholders holding shares as on Friday, August 28, 2026, 
(“Record Date”), will receive the dividend, which will be paid 
within statutory timelines after tax deductions.
  Your Directors’ have recommended dividend based on 
the Company’s performance and adequacy of existing 
cash/ cash equivalent at its disposal to provide for capital 
expenditure on technology development and new 
business initiatives.
  As per Income-Tax Act, 1961, dividends paid or distributed 
by the Company shall be taxable in the hands of the 
Shareholders. The Company shall, accordingly, make the 
payment of the Final Dividend after deduction of tax at 
source. For more clarity on deduction of tax, please refer 
para on ‘Tax Deducted at Source (“TDS”) on Dividend’ as 
mentioned in the notes to the Notice of 24th AGM.
7.  MEMORANDUM AND ARTICLES OF 
ASSOCIATION
  During the year under review, after receipt of approval of 
the Board of Directors, shareholders at the Annual General 
Meeting held on September 12, 2025 and approval of SEBI, 
the Capital Clause of the Memorandum of Association (’MOA’) 
of the Company was revised from `70,00,00,000 (Rupees 
Seventy crores) divided into 7,00,00,000 (Seven crores) 
equity shares of ` 10/- (Rupees Ten) each to ` 70,00,00,000 
(Rupees Seventy crores) divided into 35,00,00,000 (Thirty-
Five crores) equity shares of `2/- (Rupees Two) each due to 
the sub-division/split of existing equity shares.
8. INVESTOR RELATIONS
  The Company continuously strives for excellence in its 
In
vestor Relations engagement with investors through 
physical, video and audio meetings through structured 
conference-calls and periodic investor/analyst interactions 
participation in investor conferences, quarterly earnings 
calls, and analyst meet from time to time. The Company’s 
leadership team spent signi/f_icant time to interact with 
investors to communicate the strategic direction of the 
business in a number of investors meets. No unpublished 
price sensitive information is discussed in these meetings. 
The Company ensures that critical information about the 
Company is available to all the investors, by uploading all 
such information on the Company’s website.
9. MAJOR EVENTS OCCURRED DURING THE YEAR:
 A.  EVENT OCCURED FROM THE END OF THE 
FINANCIAL Y
EAR TILL THE DATE OF THIS REPORT
   There are no material changes and commitments 
aﬀecting the /f_inancial position of the C
ompany 
which have occurred between the end of the FY 
2025-26 to which the /f_inancial statement relate and 
the date of this Report.
 B. CHANGE IN THE NATURE OF BUSINESS:
  
 During the year under review, there was no change 
in the nature of business of the C
ompany.
 C.  SIGNIFICANT AND MATERIAL ORDERS PASSED 
BY THE 
REGULATORS OR COURTS OR TRIBUNALS 
IMPACTING THE GOING CONCERN STATUS AND 
COMPANY’S OPERATIONS IN FUTURE
   No signi/f_icant and material orders were passed, 
during the year under r
eview, by the regulators or 
courts or tribunals impacting the going concern 
status and Company’s operations in future. However, 
key orders passed by the Regulator is disclosed in 
Corporate Governance Report.
Board’s Report (Contd.)
49
10. INVESTOR EDUCATION AND PROTECTION FUND
  TRANSFER OF UNCLAIMED DIVIDEND AND TRANSFER OF SHARES
  
Pursuant to the provisions of Section 124 of the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”) read with Investor Education and Protection Fund 
Authorit
y (Accounting, Audit, Transfer and Refund) Rules, 2016 (“IEPF Rules”), and relevant circulars and amendments thereto, 
the amount of dividend remaining unpaid or unclaimed for a period of seven years from the date of transfer of such amount to 
Unpaid Dividend Account, is required to be transferred to the Investor Education and Protection Fund (“IEPF”), constituted by 
the Central Government.
  The Company had, accordingly, transferred the following amount to IEPF during the year under review:
Sr. 
No
Type of Dividend D ividend 
per share
Date of 
Declaration
Date of Transfer Amount 
transferred (in `)
1. Final Dividend for FY 2017-18 `17/- August 31, 2018 October 29, 2025 `8,91,616/-
 TRANSFER OF SHARES
  
Pursuant to the provisions of IEPF Rules, all equity shares 
in respect of which dividend has not been paid or claimed 
f
or last seven consecutive years shall be transferred by the 
Company to the designated Demat Account of the IEPF 
Authority (“IEPF Account”) within a period of thirty days 
of such shares becoming due to be transferred. Members 
who have not encashed any of their dividends, which 
have not been transferred to IEPF Authority, are advised to 
claim their dividends.
  Accordingly, 969 equity shares of `10/- each on which 
the dividend remained unpaid or unclaimed for last 
seven consecutive years with reference to the due date 
of November 05, 2025, were transferred during the FY 
2025-26 to the IEPF Authority on November 05, 2025 after 
following the prescribed procedure.
  Any Shareholder whose dividend/shares are transferred to 
IEPF can claim the shares b
y making an online application 
in Form IEPF-5 (available on www.iepf.gov.in).
  The Shareholders whose unclaimed dividend(s) and/or 
share(s) have been transferred to IEPF, may contact the 
Company or Registrar & Transfer Agent (RTA) and submit 
the required documents for issuance of Entitlement Letter. 
The Shareholders shall attach the Entitlement Letter and 
other required documents and /f_ile web Form IEPF-5 
available on www.mca.gov.in for claiming the dividend(s) 
and/or share(s).
  No claims shall lie against the Company in respect of the 
unclaimed dividends and shares transferred to the IEPF 
Authority and all bene/f_its accruing on such shares, if any, 
shall also be transferred to the IEPF Authority.
 DETAILS OF NODAL OFFICER:
 Name: M
anisha Thakur, Company Secretary and Compliance Oﬃcer
 Email addr ess: M
anisha.Thakur@mcxindia.com
 The Company has transferred the following unclaimed dividend amount and shares to IEPF till March 31, 2026:
Sr. 
No.
Y ear No. of shares  
transferred to IEPF
Category amount 
transferred to IEPF
Amount transferred to 
IEPF (in `)
1. FY 2011-12 - Interim 699 Unclaimed Dividend 6,98,328
2. FY 2011-12 - Final 143 Unclaimed Dividend 1,64,226
3. FY 2012-13 - Interim 254 Unclaimed Dividend 3,33,264
4. FY 2012-13 - Final 450 Unclaimed Dividend 5,01,060
5. FY 2013-14 - Interim 191 Unclaimed Dividend 3,21,797
6. FY 2013-14 - Final 797 Unclaimed Dividend 5,26,554
7. FY 2014-15- Final 731 Unclaimed Dividend 15,66,740
8. FY 2015-16 Final 1,496 Unclaimed Dividend 3,79,002
9. FY 2016-17 Final 1,167 Unclaimed Dividend 7,94,115
10. FY 2017-18 Final 969 Unclaimed Dividend 8,91,616
11. - - IPO Refund 26,55,276
Total 6,897 88,31,978
Board’s Report (Contd.)

--- page 42 ---
50
Statutory Reports
MCX Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
  Year wise amount of Unpaid/Unclaimed Dividend lying in the unpaid account upto March 31, 2026, and the corresponding 
shares, which are liable to be transferred to the IEPF, and the due dates for such transfer:
Sr. 
No.
Da te of declaration of Dividend Number of 
Shareholders 
against whom 
Dividend is unpaid
Number of 
Shares against 
whom Dividend 
is unpaid
Amount 
Unpaid as on 
March 31, 2026 
(in `)
Due Date of 
transfer of Unpaid 
and Unclaimed 
Dividend to IEPF
1. 17 th AGM Final Dividend 2018-19 
held on September 20, 2019
2,484 41,551 8,31,020/- No vember 25, 2026
2. 18 th AGM F
inal Dividend FY 2019-20 
held on August 31, 2020
3,733 71,831 20,91,561/- No vember 05, 2027
3. 19 th AGM F
inal Dividend FY 2020-21 
held on September 03, 2021
2,043 36,805 9,75,114/- O ctober 08, 2028
4. 20 th AGM F
inal Dividend FY 2021-22 
held on September 27, 2022
1,676 35,354 5,81,960.60/- D ecember 01, 2029
5. 21 st AGM F
inal Dividend FY 2022-23 
held on September 26, 2023
1,245 24,439 4,42,032.51/- No vember 30, 2030
6. 22 nd AGM F
inal Dividend FY 2023-24 
held on September 26, 2024
1,367 37,005 2,57,200.20/- No vember 30, 2031
7. 23 rd AGM F
inal Dividend FY 2024-25 
held on September 12, 2025
1,285 41,666 11,67,391/- No vember 30, 2032
 *The unclaimed and unpaid amount as on the due dat
e will be transferred with 30 days to IEPF.
  Shareholders are encouraged to claim their outstanding or unclaimed dividends to prevent the transfer of such dividends and 
the related shares to the IEPF.
11. PUBLIC DEPOSITS
  Your Company has not invited any deposits from the 
public, and as such, no amoun
t of principal or interest 
related thereto was outstanding as on March 31, 2026
12.  PARTICULARS OF LOANS GIVEN, INVESTMENTS 
MADE,
 GUARANTEES GIVEN OR SECURITY 
PROVIDED UNDER SECTION 186 OF THE 
COMPANIES ACT, 2013
  The details of loans, guarantees and investments under 
the pro
visions of Section 186 of the Companies Act, 2013 
read with the Companies (Meetings of Board and its 
Powers) Rules, 2014, as on March 31, 2026, are set out in 
Note 4 & 8 to the Standalone Financial Statements of the 
Company.
  The Company has not provided any guarantee or security 
to any person or entity and has not made any loans and 
advances in the nature of loans to /f_irms/companies in 
which Directors of the Company are interested.
13. MEETINGS OF THE BOARD
  During FY 2025-26, 24 (Twenty-Four) meetings of the 
Boar
d of Directors were held. The details of meetings of 
the Board are provided in the Corporate Governance 
Report forming part of this Annual Report.
  Separate meetings of the Public Interest Directors were 
held on May 07, 2025, September 12, 2025 and March 06, 
2026.
14. DIRECTORS
  Your Company, being a recognized stock exchange and 
regula
ted by SEBI, is required to, inter alia, comply with 
the provisions relating to constitution of the Company’s 
Board of Directors as speci/f_ied in the Companies Act, 2013, 
the Securities Contracts (Regulation) (Stock Exchanges 
and Clearing Corporations) Regulations, 2018 (hereinafter 
referred to as the “SECC Regulations, 2018”) and the 
SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 (hereinafter referred to as the “SEBI 
(LODR) Regulations, 2015”).
  Your Company has a well-diversi/f_ied Board comprising of 
Directors coming from various walks of life and having wide 
range of experience, in the capital markets, /f_inance and 
accountancy, legal and regulatory practice, technology, 
risk management and management or administration. A 
multi-faceted talent-pool enables leveraging multitude 
of thoughts, perspectives, knowledge base, skills and 
industry experiences, to ensure eﬀective corporate 
governance and sustained commercial success of the 
Company.
Board’s Report (Contd.)
51
  As on March 31, 2026, the Board comprised of 8 (eight) 
Direc
tors, of which 5 (/f_ive) were Public Interest Directors 
(PID)/Independent Directors, 2 (two) were Non-
Independent Directors and 1 (one) Managing Director. 
Your Company had 1 (one) Woman Independent Director 
on the Board, in compliance with the SEBI (LODR) 
Regulations, 2015 and 1 (One) Women MD & CEO.
  A “Public Interest Director” under the SECC Regulations, 
2018, means an Independent Director representing the 
interests of investors in securities market and who is not 
having any association, directly or indirectly, which in 
the opinion of the SEBI, is in con/f_lict with his/her role. 
Accordingly, such Directors are considered as Independent 
Directors for adhering compliance with the provisions of 
the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015 and the Companies Act, 
2013.
  As mandated, all the Public Interest Directors of your 
Company have been duly registered with the databank for 
Independent Directors maintained by the Indian Institute 
of Corporate Aﬀairs.
  Your Company has received con/f_irmations from all the 
Public Interest Directors to the eﬀect that each of them 
meets the criteria of independence, as prescribed under 
Regulation 16(1)(b) of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015 
and Section 149(6) of the Companies Act, 2013. There 
has been no change in the circumstances aﬀecting their 
status as Independent Directors of the Company. The 
appointment of Independent Directors/Public Interest 
Directors on the Board of your Company is in accordance 
with the eligibility conditions prescribed by SEBI and is 
made with the approval of SEBI.
  Further, all the Directors have con/f_irmed that they are ‘Fit 
and Proper, ’ in terms of the SECC Regulations, 2018. Your 
Company has also obtained aﬃrmation of adherence to 
Schedule IV of the Companies Act, 2013 and the Code of 
Conduct in accordance with the SECC Regulations, 2018 
and SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015 from all the Directors, 
as applicable to them.
  None of the Directors of the Company are disquali/f_ied for 
being appointed as Directors as speci/f_ied in Section 164 (2) 
of the Act read with Rule 14 of Companies (Appointment 
and Quali/f_ications of Directors) Rules, 2014.
  During the year under review, the /f_irst term of Mr. 
Ashutosh Vaidya (DIN: 06751825) and Ms. Sonu Bhasin 
(DIN: 02872234) were completed on September 16, 
2025. Accordingly, upon the recommendation of the 
Nomination and Remuneration Committee (NRC) and the 
Board of Directors, SEBI vide letter dated July 07, 2025, has 
approved the re-appointment of Mr. Ashutosh Vaidya and 
Ms. Sonu Bhasin as Public Interest Directors for further 
period of 3 y
ears with eﬀect from September 17, 2025.
  Pursuant to Section 152 of the Companies Act, 2013 
read with relevant rules framed thereunder, Mr. Arvind 
Kathpalia (DIN:02630873), Non-Independent Director 
(NID) of the Company, was liable to retire by rotation at the 
23rd Annual General Meeting (“AGM”) held on September 
12, 2025. Accordingly, shareholders at their 23 rd AGM 
approved the reappointment of Mr. Arvind Kathpalia as 
NID of the Company. His re-appointment was subject 
to regulatory approval. SEBI vide letter dated October 
01, 2025 approved the re-appointment of Mr. Arvind 
Kathpalia as NID of the Company.
  Mr. Mohan Shenoi (DIN: 0160360), NID, will be retiring at 
the upcoming AGM and has expressed his willingness to 
be re-appointed. A resolution requesting shareholders’ 
approval, along with other necessary details, is included in 
the Notice of the 24th AGM.
  During the year under review, SEBI vide its noti/f_ication 
dated November 21, 2025, introduced Regulation 25A 
to the SECC Regulations, 2018. This regulation mandates 
every recognized Stock Exchange to appoint Executive 
Directors as Key Management Personnel (KMP) to head (i) 
Critical Operations and (ii) Regulatory, Compliance, Risk 
Management & Investor Grievances.
  In alignment with this regulatory requirement and based 
on the recommendations of the NRC and approval of 
the Board of Directors, SEBI, vide its letter dated May 27, 
2026, approved the appointments of Mr. Sanjay Rajpal 
(DIN: 00562023) as Executive Director (Critical Operations) 
and Mr. Manoj Jain (DIN: 09694205) as Executive Director 
(Regulatory, Compliance, Risk Management & Investor 
Grievances). Their appointments are for a tenure of 5 
(/f_ive) years from their respective dates of joining, subject 
to a satisfactory performance appraisal after the initial 3 
(three) years to continue for the remaining 2 (two) years.
  Pursuant to Section 161 of the Companies Act, 2013, 
Mr. Manoj Jain and Mr. Sanjay Rajpal were appointed as 
Additional Directors with eﬀect from June 1, 2026, and 
June 30, 2026, respectively. In compliance with SEBI’s 
directive dated October 29, 2020, requiring shareholder 
rati/f_ication for Executive Director appointments following 
SEBI approval, the Board sought the approval of the 
Members via Ordinary Resolutions through a Postal Ballot 
(e-voting process) on July 15, 2026. The results of the 
Postal Ballot, along with the Scrutinizer’s Report, intimated 
to BSE Limited and uploaded to the Company’s website 
(www.mcxindia.com) as well as NSDL ’s e-voting platform 
(www.evoting.nsdl.com).
Board’s Report (Contd.)

--- page 43 ---
52
Statutory Reports
MCX Integrated Annual Report 2025-26 53
  Pursuant to appointment of new Executive Directors and 
in order to meet the constitution of the Board in terms of 
SECC Regulations, 2018, upon the recommendation of the 
Nomination and Remuneration Committee (NRC) and the 
Board of Directors, SEBI vide letter dated May 27, 2026 
has approved the re-appointment of Mr. Santosh Kumar 
Mohanty (DIN: 06690879) as Public Interest Director of 
the Company. The Board of Directors had approved the 
appointment of Mr. Santosh Kumar Mohanty as PID for 
period of 3 years with effect from May 28, 2026.
15. INDEPENDENT EX TERNAL EXPERT
  During the year under review, the tenure of Mr. R. Anand as 
an Independent External Expert in Regulatory Oversight 
Committee was completed on September 23, 2025, 
pursuant to SECC Regulations, 2018. In view of the same, 
Mr. Anjani Agarwal was appointed as an Independent 
External Expert in Regulatory Oversight Committee with 
effect from September 24, 2025.
  During the year under review, the tenure of Dr. Anil 
Kumar Sharma as an Independent External Expert in 
the Risk Management Committee was completed on 
September 22, 2025, pursuant to SECC Regulations, 2018. 
In view of the same, Ms. Shalini Chhabra was appointed 
as an Independent External Expert in Risk Management 
Committee with effect from September 24, 2025.
  During the year under review, the tenure of Mr. Dhruvkumar 
Patil (Representative of Investor Association) as a Trustee 
of MCX Investor Protection Fund Trust (“MCX IPF Trust”) 
was completed on January 20, 2026, in accordance with 
Scheme of MCX IPF Trust dated September 25, 2018, 
read with SEBI Circular dated May 30, 2024, regarding 
Comprehensive guidelines for Investor Protection Fund 
(IPF) and Investor Services Fund (ISF) for Stock Exchanges 
having commodity derivatives segment. In view of the 
same, Mr. Narendra Mehta (Representative of Investor 
Association) was appointed as a Trustee of MCX IPF Trust 
with effect from January 21, 2026.
  During the year under review, Mr. Santanu Paul has 
resigned as an Independent External Expert in the Standing 
Committee on Technology with effect from January 10, 
2026. In view of the same, Mr. Ramesh Loganathan was 
appointed as an Independent External Expert in Standing 
Committee on Technology with effect from February 20, 
2026. Mr. Ramesh Loganathan and Prof. Purushottam 
Kulkarni were appointed as Experts on January 26, 2026 
on MCX Technology Advisory Group.
  During the year under review, tenure of Mr. S V 
Krishnamohan as an Independent External Expert in the 
Member Committee was completed on March 20, 2026, 
pursuant to SECC Regulations, 2018 . In view of the same, 
Dr. O N Ravi was appointed as an Independent External 
Expert in Member Committee with effect from May 08, 
2026.
  Ms. Vidya Krishnan was appointed as an Independent 
External Person on Nomination and Remuneration 
Committee (NRC) for the limited purpose of 
recommending selection of Executive Director (Critical 
Operations). Mr. Santosh Kumar Mohanty was appointed 
as an Independent External Person on NRC for the limited 
purpose of recommending selection of Executive Director 
(Regulatory, Compliance, Risk Management & Investor 
Grievances), Upon appointment of Executive Director 
(Critical Operations) and Executive Director (Regulatory, 
Compliance, Risk Management & Investor Grievances), Ms. 
Krishnan and Mr. Mohanty ceased to be experts on NRC.
  The Independent External Experts are appointed for a 
period of three years, with further extension of three years 
subject to performance evaluation in accordance with 
SECC Regulations, 2018. Further, internal performance 
evaluation of Independent External Experts are carried 
out annually.
16.  KEY MANAGERIAL PERSONNEL (KMP)/SENIOR 
MANAGEMENT PERSONNEL (SMP)
  The following employees became KMPs under the SECC 
Regulations, 2018 during FY 2025-26:
Sr. 
No.
Name Effective Date
1 Ms. Kirtida Nagda September 11, 2025
2 Ms. Kavita Shrivastav September 15, 2025
3 Mr. Baiju Budhwani September 15, 2025
4 Mr. Sunny Singh February 10, 2026
  Mr. Sanjay Rajpal, joined as an Executive Director (Critical 
Operations) and KMP on June 30, 2026.
  Further, the following employees ceased to be KMPs 
under the SECC Regulations, 2018 during FY 2025-26:
Sr. 
No.
Name Last working day 
as KMP
1 Mr. N Rajendran April 7, 2025
2 Mr. Naresh Bhuta May 31, 2025
3 Mr. Sambit Patnaik May 31, 2025
4 Mr. Abhishek Suresh Govilkar July 8, 2025
5 Ms. Kavita Ravichandran December 9, 2025
  Mr. Rishi Nathany ceased to be the Chief Business Officer 
and KMP with effect from the closing hours of March 31, 
2026.
17. PERFORMANCE  EVALUATION OF THE BOARD
  Your Company has formulated a Policy for Performance 
Evaluation/Review in accordance with the provisions of 
the Companies Act, 2013, SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015, 
SECC Regulations 2018, SEBI Circular dated January 05, 
2017 providing guidance to listed entities about various 
aspects involved in the Board Evaluation process (“SEBI 
Guidance Note”) and SEBI circular dated February 05, 2019 
on performance review of Public Interest Directors.
  The Policy has been framed with an objective to ensure 
that Individual Directors of the Company and the Board as 
a whole, work efficiently and effectively, for the benefit of 
the Company and its stakeholders.
  Your Company has implemented a system of evaluating 
performance of the Board of Directors, its Committees and 
Individual Directors, through peer evaluation, excluding 
the Director being evaluated, on the basis of a structured 
questionnaire.
  The criteria for performance evaluation, inter-alia, includes 
the following:
 i.  Internal Evaluation of Individual Director’s 
Performance
   Level of participation and contribution to the 
performance of Board/Committee(s) meetings, 
qualification & experience, knowledge and competency, 
attendance records, disclosures, fulfilment and ability 
to function as a team, initiatives taken, adherence to 
the rules/regulations, having independent views and 
judgement, providing guidance to senior management 
and Board members, etc.
 ii.  Ext ernal Evaluation of Individual Director’s 
Performance
   Pursuant to SECC Regulations, 2018 read with SEBI 
Master Circular for Stock Exchanges and Clearing 
Corporations, the tenure of PIDs may be extended by 
another 3 years, subject to performance evaluation, 
internal and external, both carrying equal weightage 
Such PIDs shall be subject to:
  a.  In ternal evaluation by all the governing 
Board Members, based on the criteria for the 
performance review of Individual Director; and
  b.  Ext ernal evaluation by a management or a 
human resources consulting firm based on 
their pre-determined criteria.
 iii. Evaluation of the Board as a Whole
   Providing entrepreneurial leadership to the 
Company, having clear understanding of the 
Company’s core business and strategic direction, 
maintaining contact with management and external 
stakeholders, ensuring integrity of financial controls 
and systems of risk management, making high quality 
decisions, monitoring performance of management, 
maintaining high standards of integrity and probity, 
encouraging transparency, etc.
 iv. Chairman ’s Performance Evaluation
   Providing effective leadership, Encourages active 
engagement among the members of the Board, 
manages time well,  ensures clarity in decision 
making, establishing effective communication with 
all stakeholders, etc.
 v. Performance Evaluation of Board Committees
   The performances of the Committees are evaluated 
based on parameters such as, Roles, Responsibilities 
and Duties of Statutory Committees, Effectiveness 
of the Committees, Governance Aspects of 
Statutory Committees such as Independence of the 
Committees from the Board, Contribution to the 
decisions of the Board, Good Governance practices, 
etc.
   The detailed procedure followed for the performance 
evaluation of the Board, Committees, Chairman, 
individual Directors & Independent External Persons 
is also enumerated in the Corporate Governance 
Report forming part of this Annual Report.
18. BUSINESS OPER ATIONS
  The Company is an affiliate member of the International 
Organization of Securities Commissions (IOSCO), which 
is an international body that brings together the world’s 
securities regulators and is recognized as the global 
standard setter for the securities sector. The Exchange 
is ranked world’s largest Exchange by the number of 
commodity Options contracts traded and Fourth largest 
Exchange by the number of Commodity Derivatives 
contracts traded during the year 2025. (Source: FIA Annual 
Volume trading statistics).
  With an aim to seamlessly integrate with the global 
commodities ecosystem, MCX has forged alliances with 
leading international exchanges such as CME Group and 
London Metal Exchange (LME). The Exchange has also 
signed Memorandum of Understanding with renowned 
global exchanges viz. Dalian Commodity Exchange 
(DCE), Taiwan Futures Exchange (TAIFEX), Jakarta Futures 
Exchange (JFX), Zhengzhou Commodity Exchange (ZCE) 
and European Energy Exchange AG (EEX) to facilitate 
cooperation in areas of sharing knowledge and expertise, 
education & training, etc. The Exchange also has tied 
up with various trade bodies, industry associations 
and educational institutions across the country. These 
Board’s Report (Contd.)Board’s Report (Contd.)

--- page 44 ---
54
Statutory Reports
MCX Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
partnerships enable the Exchange to improve trade practices, increase awareness, and facilitate overall growth and development 
of the commodity markets.
 Product Segment Highlights
 Bullion
 A) MCX Good Delivery Norms:
  
 In pursuit of the Atmanirbhar Bharat Mission, the Multi Commodity Exchange of India Ltd. (MCX) has embarked upon the 
path of rec
ognizing domestic bullion re/f_iners for good delivery of gold/silver on Exchange platform.
   Accordingly, MCX empanelled domestic re/f_iners as per ‘MCX Good Delivery Norms for BIS-Standard Gold/Silver’ eﬀective 
from March 06, 2021, has seen a successful delivery of 18,330 kg (valued at ~`16,179 crores) Gold Mini (100 gram) & Gold 
Ten (10 gram) Futures contracts (since initiation till March 2026).
 B)  The Bullion segment attained various landmarks during FY 2025-26:
  
I)  MCX launched Gold Ten (10 gram) Futures contracts on April 01, 2025.
   
 It may be noted that, the performance of Gold Ten futures contract after its launch on April 01, 2025 is tabled below:
   Table1:
Parameters FY 2025-2026
Av
erage Daily Turnover (ADT) `453 crores
Average Daily Volume (ADV) 331 kg
Open Interest (OI) 296 kg
  II)  It is submitted that, MCX introduced the modi/f_ication in Silver Options contracts with Silver (30kg) and Silver Mini 
(5kg) to include monthly expiries on June 16, 2025.
    The performance of Silver (30kg) and Silver Mini (5kg) after its introduction on June 16, 2025 are tabled below in Table 
2 and Table 3 respectively:
   Table 2:
Silver (30kg) FY 2024-25 FY 2025-26 Growth %
ADT `6,216 crores `43,899 crores 606%
ADV 6,91,292 kg 28,35,548 kg 310%
OI 4,04,503 kg 4,61,556 kg 14%
   Table 3:
Silver Mini (5kg) FY 2024-25 FY 2025-26 Growth %
ADT `1,532 crores `30,984 crores 1922%
ADV 1,67,038 kg 16,78,275 kg 905%
OI 90,738 kg 2,22,114 kg 145%
  III)  Further, the Bullion Options performance (FY 2025-2026) is tabled below in Table 4, Table 5 and Table 6 respectively:
   Table 4:
Sr No. ADT (I n ` crores) FY 2024-25 FY 2025-26 Growth %
1 Gold 22,028 1,23,496 461%
2 Gold Mini 6,072 69,314 1042%
Gold all variants 28,100 1,92,810 586%
3 Silver 6,216 43,899 606%
4 Silver Mini 1,532 30,984 1922%
Silver all variants 7,748 74,883 866%
Bullion Total 35,848 2,67,693 647%
Board’s Report (Contd.)
55
   Table 5:
Sr No. ADV (In KGS) FY 2024-25 FY 2025-26 Growth %
1 Gold 27,998 1,02,925 268%
2 Gold Mini 7,778 52,510 575%
Gold all variants 35,776 1,55,435 334%
3 Silver 6,91,292 28,35,548 310%
4 Silver Mini 1,67,038 16,78,275 905%
Silver all variants 8,58,330 45,13,823 426%
Bullion Total 8,94,106 46,69,258 422%
   Table 6:
Sr No. AOI (In Kgs) FY 2024-25 FY 2025-26 Growth %
1 Gold 11,141 13,762 24%
2 Gold Mini 2,010 6,338 215%
Gold all variants 13,151 20,100 53%
3 Silver 4,04,503 4,61,556 14%
4 Silver Mini 90,738 2,22,114 145%
Silver all variants 4,95,241 6,83,670 38%
Bullion Total 5,08,392 7,03,770 38%
  IV)  The following milestones were achieved 
in Bullion Futures and Options contract in  
FY 2025-2026:
			 	 	 Bullion Options (all) registered an all-time 
high turnover of `23,59,540 crores on 
December 31, 2025
			 	 	 Gold Options (all) clocked its highest 
turnover of `23,24,741 crores on 
December 31, 2025
			 	 	 Silver Options (all) achieved all time 
high turnover of `12,33,266 crores on 
December 24, 2025
			 	 	 Bullion Futures (all) registered an all-time 
high turnover of `2,99,115 crores on 
January 29, 2026.
			 	 	 Gold (all) Futures achieved a signi/f_icant 
milestone of `1,97,882 crores turnover 
on January 29, 2026.
			 	 	 Silver (all) Futures achieved all time high 
turnover of `1,01,233 crores turnover on 
January 29, 2026.
  V)  Notably, MCX witnessed good volumes in 
Bullion retail products in FY 2025-2026:
			 	 	 Gold Ten 10g has registered an all-
time high turnover of `4,140 crores 
(January 29, 2026) and highest delivery of  
147 kg seen in February 2026 contract. 
The Average Daily Turnover (ADT) 
was seen at `453 crores and recorded  
465 kgs delivery since launch.
			 	 	 Gold Guinea 8g has registered an all-time 
high turnover of `2,185 crores (January 
29, 2026), ADT of `236 crores and 
recorded 2,246 kgs delivery since launch.
			 	 	 Gold Petal 1g has registered an all-time 
high turnover of `4,426 crores (January 
29, 2026), ADT of `488 crores and 
recorded 738 kgs delivery since launch.
			 	 	 Silver Mini (5kg) and Silver Micro (1kg) 
contracts saw successful delivery of 
6,08,141 kg of Silver kilo bars since 
inception till March 2026.
  VI)  Exchange has seen record deliveries in Gold 
and descent deliveries in Silver - FY 2025-2026:
			 	 	 Gold (all) has recorded highest deliveries 
of 21 MT in a single Financial Year since 
inception.
			 	 	 Silver (all) recorded deliveries of 401 MT
Board’s Report (Contd.)

--- page 45 ---
56
Statutory Reports
MCX Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
 C)  A product pro/f_ile for Bullion has been hosted on 
the MCX website to help investors understand 
the physical market dynamics and guidance for 
trading on the Exchange.
  ENERGY SEGMENT PRODUCTS
  
 The year under review was characterized by 
heightened v
olatility across global energy markets, 
as geopolitical /f_lashpoints, supply-side disruptions, 
shifting trade /f_lows, and the accelerating pace of 
the energy transition kept crude oil, natural gas, and 
power prices on the move through the year. Recurring 
tensions around the Strait of Hormuz, sustained 
US-Iran frictions, sanctions-driven realignment of 
Russian crude /f_lows, and OPEC+ supply decisions 
added multiple layers of uncertainty to global 
energy markets. Against this backdrop, value chain 
participants increasingly sought robust tools to 
manage price risk, and MCX played a pivotal role 
in enabling eﬀective risk management by driving 
strong volume growth across its crude oil and natural 
gas derivatives basket. MCX also gave India its /f_irst 
domestic reference-based electricity derivatives, 
with the launch of Electricity Futures on July 10, 
2025, marking a signi/f_icant milestone in deepening 
the country’s energy risk management ecosystem.
   India’s demand for crude oil and natural gas 
continued to grow steadily during the year, driven 
by rising energy consumption, expanding industrial 
and re/f_ining activity, and continuous build-out of 
downstream capacity. As one of the world’s largest 
energy importers, the Indian economy remains 
structurally exposed to global price shocks, making 
the availability of eﬃcient domestic hedging 
mechanisms critical to industry and the broader 
economy. This underlying demand growth, 
together with an increasingly uncertain geopolitical 
environment, reinforced the case for deeper and 
more liquid crude oil and natural gas derivatives 
markets in India. MCX’s rupee denominated energy 
derivatives further serve as a natural hedge against 
currency /f_luctuations, given that a substantial 
proportion of India’s crude oil and natural gas 
requirements are met through dollar-denominated 
imports. By providing an eﬃcient, transparent, and 
accessible price discovery and risk management 
platform, MCX continued to support value 
chain participants in navigating this challenging 
environment, thereby strengthening India’s energy 
security and price risk management framework.
  Crude Oil and Natural Gas Derivatives
  
 Crude Oil and Natural Gas derivatives remained the 
cornerst
one of MCX’s energy segment, with the 
Exchange cementing its place among the world’s 
leading energy derivatives platforms. As per Futures 
Industry Association (FIA) global rankings for CY 
2025 (based on number of contracts traded):
		• 	 MCX Crude Oil (100 bbl) Options - ranked #1
		• 	 	 MCX Crude Oil Mini (10 bbl) Options - ranked #3
		• 	 	 MCX Natural Gas (1,250 MMBtu) Options - 
ranked #2
		• 	 	 MCX Natural Gas Mini (250 MMBtu) Options - 
ranked #7
   These global rankings are a powerful testament to 
MCX’s deepening liquidity, rising participation, and 
growing relevance on the world energy derivatives 
stage. Both crude oil and natural gas contracts 
delivered robust growth in trading volumes, deeper 
liquidity, and sustained expansion in open interest, 
reaﬃrming MCX’s position as India’s premier 
platform for energy price risk management.
  Performance Highlights
  
 MCX’s Crude Oil and Natural Gas derivatives 
delivered a str
ong FY26 performance. Below are the 
key performance highlights:
		• 	 	 Average Daily Turnover (ADT) of Crude Oil 
and Natural Gas futures rose by 47% to  
`9,512 crores, up from `6,470 crores in FY25.
		• 	 	 Combined notional ADT of Crude Oil and 
Natural Gas options rose by 28% to `2,00,341 
crores, up from `1,55,891 crores from the 
previous year.
Board’s Report (Contd.)
57
MCX Average Daily Turnover (` crores) FY 2024-25 FY 2025-26 % change
Crude Oil Futures (100 bbl) 1,586 2,516 59%
Crude Oil Mini Futures (10 bbl) 195 492 152%
Crude Oil Options (100 bbl)  1,30,411  1,39,181 7%
Crude Oil Mini Options (10 bbl)  1,057  7,839 641%
Natural Gas Futures (1250 MMBtu) 4,132 5,362 30%
Natural Gas Mini Futures (250 MMBtu) 557 1,142 105%
Natural Gas Options (1250 MMBtu)  24,014  49,556 106%
Natural Gas Mini Options (250 MMBtu)  409  3,765 821%
			 The Crude Oil and Natural Gas derivatives 
segment registered several record milestones 
during the year:
		• 	 	 MCX Crude Oil Options (100 bbl) - highest-ever 
turnover since inception of `7,73,344 crore on 
February 17, 2026
		• 	 	 MCX Crude Oil Options (100 bbl and 10 bbl) - 
highest combined turnover of `12,59,841 crore 
on March 17, 2026
		• 	 	 MCX Natural Gas Options (1250 MMBtu and 
250 MMBtu) - highest combined turnover of  
`4,70,929 crores on January 22, 2026
		• 	 	 MCX Natural Gas Options (1250 MMBtu) 
- highest turnover of `2,45,540 crores on 
February 20, 2026
  Electricity Derivatives
  
 FY 2025-26 marked a signi/f_icant strategic milestone 
for MCX with the launch of Electr
icity Futures on July 
10, 2025, the Exchange’s /f_irst foray into domestic 
reference-based energy derivatives. This new 
oﬀering strengthens MCX’s energy derivatives suite 
and responds directly to the changing contours of 
India’s power sector, marked by growing market-
based procurement, deepening renewable energy 
integration, and heightened electricity price 
volatility. Building on its established Crude Oil 
and Natural Gas products, MCX now oﬀers market 
participants a comprehensive suite of energy risk 
management tools spanning oil, gas, and power.
   By enabling transparent and eﬃcient price discovery, 
the contract provides value chain participants 
(VCPs) across the power ecosystem, with a reliable 
reference price and an eﬀective tool to hedge against 
electricity price volatility, thereby supporting more 
informed procurement, sales, and risk management 
decisions.
  Performance Highlights
   Since its launch, MCX Electricity Futures has shown 
encourag
ing early traction, with steady gains 
across trading volumes, open interest, and market 
participation. Average Daily Volume climbed from 
1,313 lots (65,650 MWh) in FY 2025-26 to 1,544 lots 
(77,200 MWh) in Q1 FY 2026-27, while Average Open 
Interest rose from 1,052 lots (52,600 MWh) to 1,630 
lots (81,500 MWh) over the same period (1 lot = 50 
MWh).
   The contract has drawn increasingly diverse 
participation, across value chain, which is a promising 
sign for the continued deepening of India’s electricity 
derivatives market. MCX continues its market-
building eﬀorts through sustained stakeholder 
engagement and policy-level discussions with 
relevant regulatory and industry bodies, aimed at 
deepening participation and further strengthening 
the power ecosystem.                
   The sustained strengthening of MCX’s Crude Oil and 
Natural Gas derivatives, together with its strategic 
expansion into electricity derivatives, provides the 
Exchange with a robust platform for long-term 
growth and reaﬃrms its commitment to supporting 
India’s evolving energy economy.
  Agricultural Commodities
   MCX agricultural commodities futures recorded an 
aver
age daily turnover of `6.68 crores in FY 2025-26 
compared to `10.32 crores in FY 2024-25.
   The MCX Cotton contract turnover in FY 2025-26 
averaged `0.40 crores, compared to `4.35 crores in  
FY 2024-25.
   The Average Daily Turnover of Mentha oil contract 
stood at `5.28 crores in FY 2025-26, compared to  
`5.97 crores in FY 2024-25.
Board’s Report (Contd.)

--- page 46 ---
58
Statutory Reports
MCX Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
   MCX launched the Cardamom Futures Contract 
on July 29, 2025. During FY 2025-26 (July 29 to 31 
March 31, 2026), the contract recorded an average 
daily turnover of Rs 1.00 crore. A total of 3.30 MT 
of cardamom was delivered through MCXCCL 
accredited warehouses.
  Base Metals
   In continuous pursuit of the Atmanirbhar Bharat 
mission, the Ex change has embar ked upon the 
pa
th of branding domestic Re/f_ined Lead Producers 
to facilitate their direct participation in price 
discovery and good delivery on Exchange platform. 
One additional domestic re/f_ined lead producer, 
namely, Jain Resource Recycling Private Limited was 
empanelled as MCX approved brands during the 
FY 2025-26. This takes the total count of approved 
domestic re/f_ined lead producers to 7. To enhance 
the eﬃciency of the empanelment process, several 
modi/f_ications were made to the principal document.
   In a major step toward fostering greater self-reliance 
in India’s domestic base metal sector the Multi 
Commodity Exchange of India Limited (MCX), the 
nation’s premier commodity derivatives exchange, 
has issued the ‘MCX Good Delivery Norms for 
Primary Aluminium Re/f_ined Copper, and Re/f_ined 
Zinc’ . Through a single comprehensive circular no. 
MCX/PMT/329/2026 issued on June 02, 2026, the 
Exchange has introduced independent principal 
documents for each of these base metals, detailing 
the complete process for empaneling metal 
producing plants and accepting their deliveries 
toward contract settlements. This initiative 
strengthens the ecosystem of MCX-approved brands 
that meet rigorous quality and process standards.
   Also, to improve the participations, rationalization of 
striker intervals was made in Copper & Zinc options:
  -  Copper option Strike Price Interval from `5 to `10
  -  Zinc option Strike Price Interval from ` 2.50 to `5
   Exchange has reduced the staggered delivery period 
to 3 days eﬀective from January 2025 expiries.
   Some of the important highlights of Base Metals in 
the year 2025-26 are:
  1.  In all 95,781  MT of base metals were delivered 
via the Exchange settlement in FY 2025-26.
  2.   The cumulative deliveries via exchange 
settlement went past 5,59,317 MT since the 
year 2019 when those were converted to 
delivery settled contracts.
  3.  Average daily OI, all metals combined for the 
year was 87,174 MTs with Aluminium and 
Copper top performing.
  4.  Similarly, Average daily volume, all metals 
combined was 71,367 MTs. Copper and Zinc 
Volume outperformed in the segment.
  Index Derivatives
  
 The Average Daily Turnover (ADT) for FY 2025-26  
for BULLDEX Inde
x futures was `7 crores and 
for BULLDEX Index Options was `0.7 crores. The 
Exchange is reaching out to the market participants 
for increased participation in the index products.
  Market Participants
   In FY 2025-26, on the Institutional front, Average 
Daily Tur
nover (ADT) in the FPI category was `11,735 
crores and in the DII category was `285 crores. 
There has been healthy new additions of schemes 
of Mutual Funds, AIF Category III funds and Foreign 
Portfolio Investors (FPIs).
   On February 26, 2026, SEBI has come out with a 
circular on Valuation of physical Gold and Silver 
held by mutual fund schemes. Consequently, the 
Exchange has reached to all the Mutual Fund houses 
with Gold and Silver ETFs to use MCX Spot Prices 
for valuing the physical Gold and Silver held by the 
scheme.
19. REGULATORY DEVELOPMENTS/hyphen.cap FY 2025/hyphen.cap26
  During the year under review, SEBI has issued Master 
Cir
culars for Stock Brokers, prescribed Standardized 
format for System and Network audit report of Market 
Infrastructure Institutions (MIIs), provided clari/f_ication to 
Cybersecurity and Cyber Resilience Framework (CSCRF) for 
SEBI Regulated Entities (REs), prescribed norms for Internal 
Audit mechanism and composition of the Audit Committee 
of the Market Infrastructure Institutions, Accessibility and 
inclusiveness of Digital KYC to Persons with Disabilities, has 
prescribed guidelines regarding Process for appointment, 
re-appointment, termination or acceptance of resignation 
of speci/f_ic KMPs of an MII and Cooling-oﬀ period for KMPs 
of an MII joining a competing MII and provisions relating 
to re-appointment of PIDs, Review of provisions relating 
to Product Advisory Committee (PAC), has extended the 
Adoption and Implementation of Cybersecurity and Cyber 
Resilience Framework (CSCRF) for SEBI Regulated Entities 
(REs), Rights of Persons with Disabilities Act, 2016 and rules 
made thereunder- mandatory compliance by all Regulated 
Entities, has prescribed norms for Review, Appeal or Waiver 
of penalty requests emanating out of actions taken by the 
Member Committee, Ease of doing business (EODB) - Policy 
Board’s Report (Contd.)
59
for joint annual inspection by MIIs – information sharing 
mechanism– ac
tion by Lead MI, has provided Technical 
Clari/f_ications to Cybersecurity and Cyber Resilience 
Framework (CSCRF) for SEBI Regulated Entities (REs), has 
provided clari/f_ication on Digital Accessibility SEBI circular, 
has prescribed provisions relating to strengthening 
governance of MIIs (Appointment of EDs for vertical 1 
& vertical 2), has made revisions to the framework to 
address the ‘technical glitches’ in Stock Brokers’ Electronic 
Trading Systems, has revised the framework pertaining to 
Capacity planning and Real time performance monitoring 
framework for Commodity Derivatives segment of MIIs, As 
a part of Ease of doing investment has prescribed norms 
for disclosure of registered name and registration number 
by SEBI regulated entities and their agents on Social Media 
Platforms, has revised the norms pertaining to coverage 
of Settlement Guarantee Fund for Commodity Derivatives 
Segment.
20.  RISK MANAGEMENT AND RISK MANAGEMENT 
POLIC Y
  Your Company has put in place an Enterprise Risk 
Managemen
t (“ERM”) framework to enable and support 
achievement of business objectives through identi/f_ication, 
evaluation, mitigation and monitoring of risks applicable 
to your Company. The framework includes, among other 
elements, risk appetite statements, thresholds and metrics 
to monitor the risk to the Company.
  Your Company has a comprehensive Risk Management 
Policy for managing risks such as Financial, Operational, 
Technology, Sectoral, Sustainability (particularly 
Environmental, Social and Governance related risks), 
Regulatory and Compliance, Business, Credit, Market, 
People, Legal, Reputational, Subsidiary Risks and Black 
Swan events related risks, etc.
  The Company has a Risk Management Committee (RMC), 
which is constituted by Board of Directors for, inter-alia, 
identi/f_ication, measurement and monitoring the risk 
pro/f_ile of the Exchange. As on March 31, 2026, the RMC 
comprised of three Public Interest Directors, a Non-
Independent Director and an Independent External 
Expert. RMC periodically reviews the Risk Management 
Policy and its implementation thereon, along with 
the comprehensive Risk Register. The Committee 
also periodically examines and evaluates the Risk 
Management Information Systems (RMIS) covering the 
existing as well as emerging risks. The risks pertaining to 
internal controls over /f_inancial reporting is reviewed by 
the Audit Committee. The ERM department identify areas 
of risk along with functional departments and work with 
departments to implement mitigation strategies.
  The Chief Risk Oﬃcer (CRiO) oversees overall risk 
management of the Company and submits a report to 
SEBI on a half-yearly basis after presenting to RMC and 
the governing board. CRiO reviews the risk registers 
of all functions, and also takes into consideration the 
observations, if any, from audit reports encompassing 
/f_inancial, operational, system, and cyber aspects for 
identi/f_ication of risk and in implementing mitigation 
measures.
  The organization provides for three lines of defence 
construct where: i. the /f_irst line of defence incorporates 
business units and support functions as it has the 
responsibility to own and manage risks associated with 
day to day operational activities. ii. the second line of 
defence comprises of various oversight functions i.e., 
regulatory, risk management, compliance teams, and 
iii. the third line of defence comprises the internal audit 
function. For details relating to ‘Risks and Concerns’ of your 
Company please refer to the Management Discussion and 
Analysis section forming part of this Annual Report.
21.  INVESTOR PROTECTION FUND /parenleft.capIPF/parenright.cap AND 
INVESTOR SER
VICE FUND /parenleft.capISF/parenright.cap
  Your Company has set up Multi Commodity Exchange 
In
vestor Protection Fund (IPF), to protect and safeguard 
the interest of investors/clients, with respect to eligible/
legitimate claims arising out of default of a member on the 
Exchange. The interest or income received on investment 
of surplus funds of IPF is used for imparting investor/client 
education, awareness, undertaking research activities or 
such other programs as may be speci/f_ied by SEBI from 
time-to-time.
  Currently, the applicable IPF compensation limit is  
`25 lakhs per client, with no member-wise limit. As on  
March 31, 2026, the corpus of IPF  stood at `320.79 crores.
  Your Company has also set up an Investor Service Fund 
(ISF) for providing, inter-alia, basic minimum facilities at 
various Investor Service Centres. The Company has set up 
10 (Ten) Investor Service Centres across India till date. SEBI 
has permitted the Exchanges to utilize the corpus of ISF 
for conducting various investor education and awareness 
programs, capacity building programs and maintenance 
of all price ticker boards installed by the Exchanges, etc. In 
addition to above, the corpus may be utilized in any other 
manner as prescribed/permitted by SEBI in the interest of 
investors from time-to-time.
  Your Company has transferred 1% of the turnover fees 
charged from its members on a monthly basis to ISF. As on 
March 31 , 2026, the corpus of ISF  stood at `28.98 crores.
Board’s Report (Contd.)

--- page 47 ---
60
Statutory Reports
MCX Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
  In order to enhance literacy and to promote investor 
education and awareness in the commodity derivatives 
market, more than 2600 awareness programs (seminars/
webinars) were conducted under the banner of ISF in 
FY 2025-26. Out of these programs/webinars, over 210 
programs were Regional Investor Seminar for Awareness 
(RISA) conducted jointly with SEBI. In FY 2025-26, the 
Exchange has conducted awareness programs across India, 
for Investors, Students, Farmer Producer Organizations 
(FPO’s), Hedgers, Physical Market Participants/
Stakeholders, Micro Small And Medium Enterprises 
(MSME’s), Corporates, etc. from the Bullion Industries, 
Metal Industries, Energy Markets and Agricultural sector.
  Some major awareness initiatives in FY 2025-26 were 
undertaken as f
ollows:
  World Investor Week (WIW) was celebrated from October 
06, 2025 till Oct
ober 12, 2025 throughout India under the 
aegis of SEBI & IOSCO.
  Total over 115 awareness programs were conducted across 
India during WIW, which had around 5500 participants.
  Awareness programs across commodities were 
conducted with several prominent Institutes, State and 
National Universities, Trade Associations and Value Chain 
Participants by utilizing the ISF.
 Awareness through Media channels:
  
During FY 2025–26, MCX Investor Protection Fund 
(IPF) con
tinued to strengthen investor education and 
awareness through a comprehensive, multi-platform 
outreach programme focused on fraud prevention, 
safe payment practices, market risk awareness, and 
responsible market participation. The initiative leveraged 
television, digital and social media, radio, print, and on-
ground engagement formats to disseminate investor 
protection messages across diverse geographies and 
demographic segments, ensuring broad-based awareness 
and accessibility.
  A key strength of the programme has been the 
development a robust content ecosystem comprising 
investor awareness videos, reels, animations, human-
interest advertisements, interactive engagement formats, 
Vox-Pop campaigns, and the widely recognized “Monk 
& Dude” investor education series. These initiatives have 
enabled MCX IPF to communicate complex /f_inancial 
and market-related concepts in a simple, relatable, and 
engaging formats.
  The awareness campaigns addressed several investor 
protection themes, including /f_inancial scams, cyber 
frauds, digital arrest schemes, intermediary veri/f_ication, 
safe UPI payment practices, and responsible investing 
behavior. To enhance inclusivity, content has been made 
available in multiple regional languages, including 
sign-language-supported formats, thereby expanding 
accessibility across diﬀerent investor communities. In 
addition, MCX IPF continued to incorporate commodity 
market-related education by creating awareness around 
price risk management, market linkages, and the role of 
regulated commodity derivatives markets. The annual 
“A Monk Who Trades” /f_lipbook series, which has now 
completed six editions over six years, remains a /f_lagship 
knowledge resource that supports long-term investor 
engagement and /f_inancial literacy eﬀorts.
 Other Initiatives:
  
MCX IPF successfully organized the 8 th edition of ‘MCX -
IPF COMQUEST’ – 2025-26, its premier, National-level 
Commodity Market Educational Quiz for students. This 
year, around 12500 individual students, from over 940 
institutes across India participated in the competition, 
making it the largest number amongst all previously held 
editions. ”
22. TRAINING AND EDUCATION
  Your Company continues to reach out to various academic 
institutions t o enhanc
e knowledge about commodity 
derivatives, commodity eco-system and role of exchange 
traded derivatives market in facilitating derivatives trading 
for price risk management and price discovery.
  To achieve the said objectives, your Company undertook 
the following –
 i)  Certi/f_ication courses such as MCX Certi/f_ied 
Commodity Professional (MCCP), MCX Certi/f_ied 
Index Professional (MCIP) MCX Certi/f_ied Commodity 
Options Professional (MCOP) examination;
 ii)  Introduced Joint Certi/f_ication Programmes (JCP) 
with various academic institutions;
 iii)  Conducted Case Study competitions in partnership 
with reputed B-Schools
 iv)  Carried out multiple engagement programmes 
towards imparting education and awareness among 
academia, students covering around 200 B-Schools, 
Colleges, academic bodies, etc;
 v)  Conducted the VIIIth edition of MCX-IPF COMQUEST 
All India commodity quiz programme. As part of this 
initiative to deepen it further, we have carried out 
zonal (4) quiz programmes
 vi)  Conducted around 2000 awareness programmes for 
FPO’s, MSME’s, academic institutions and general 
investors as part of yearly SEBI mandated awareness 
Board’s Report (Contd.)
61
drives on /f_inancial markets leveraging on SEBI 
SMAR
T certi/f_ied trainers.
23. WAREHOUSING
  MCXCCL ensures that the members of MCX and their 
constituen
ts are provided with warehousing arrangements 
and associated facilities like testing etc. Those willing to 
store goods and give delivery on the Exchange platform 
get these facilities for commodities traded on MCX in 
Bullion, Metals and Agricultural segments. To facilitate 
this, MCXCCL veri/f_ies and accredits warehouses and vaults 
across various delivery centres. It operates only with 
electronic receipts of goods stored in MCXCCL accredited 
warehouses/vaults on a highly eﬃcient digital platform. 
In order to keep a check on compliance, correct the 
de/f_iciencies and enhance market con/f_idence, MCXCCL has 
an elaborate warehouse and vault inspection activity in 
place.
  MCXCCL has a wide network of warehouses/ vaults 
for delivery of commodities traded on MCX platform. 
This provides con/f_idence to members to trade on 
MCX. As on March 31, 2026, MCXCCL has entered into 
agreements with four Warehouse Service Provider 
(WSPs) for facilitating physical deliveries in agricultural 
commodities and base metals. As on March 31, 2026, 
MCXCCL is operating from 24 accredited warehouses of 
which 10 warehouses are registered with Warehousing 
Development and Regulatory Authority (WDRA). The 
remaining 14 warehouses for metals do not require WDRA 
registration.
  Further, MCXCCL has entered into agreements with 4 Vault 
Service Provider (VSPs) for facilitating physical deliveries 
in bullion. There are 10 accredited vaults of these agencies 
located across various delivery centres.
24. SUBSIDIARY
  Multi Commodity Exchange Clearing Corporation 
Limited (MC
XCCL)
  MCXCCL, a wholly-owned subsidiary of your Company, 
is pro
viding Clearing and Settlement services to the 
Company. MCXCCL performs risk management of the 
trades executed, collects margin from the members, 
eﬀects pay-in and pay-out and oversees delivery and 
settlement processes.
  SEBI vide its letter dated July 16, 2025, has granted renewal 
of recognition to MCXCCL, to act as a Clearing Corporation 
for a period of further three years commencing on July 31, 
2025 and ending on July 30, 2028, subject to complying 
with all Rules, Regulations, guidelines and other 
instructions as may be issued by SEBI from time to time.
  Risk management being an important function for a 
clearing corporation, MCXCCL has a well-de/f_ined Risk 
Management Framework and Risk Management Policy 
in place. This works at various levels across the enterprise 
to form a strategic defence cover for the Company. 
MCXCCL has constituted a Risk Management Committee, 
which periodically monitors and reviews the Risk 
Management plan and the implementation of SEBI norms 
on Risk Management and recommends to the Board any 
modi/f_ications to the Risk Management Policy.
  MCXCCL is recognized as a Qualifying Central 
Counterparty (QCCP) by SEBI. This enables the participants 
to apply lower risk weightage towards their exposures to 
MCXCCL as per Basel II capital adequacy framework. It has 
membership of CCP12, the renowned global association 
of Central Counterparties and membership of Asia-Paci/f_ic 
Central Securities Depository Group (ACG).
  During the year under review, there was no change in the 
Authorized, Issued and Paid-up Share Capital of MCXCCL. 
As on March 31, 2026, Authorized Share Capital of MCXCCL 
stood at `30,000 lakhs and issued and paid-up share 
capital stood at `23,999 lakhs. The net worth as at March 
31, 2026 was `98,409.31 lakhs. However, it may be noted 
that SEBI approved the amendments to MOA and AOA of 
MCXCCL in May 2026, pursuant to which Authorized Share 
Capital of the Company is increased to `400 crores.
 Core Settlement Guarantee Fund (Core SGF)
  
SEBI vide circular no. SEBI/HO/CDMRD/DRMP/
CIR/2018/111 dated July 11, 2018, and cir
cular no. SEBI/
HO/47/16/14(1)2026-MRD-POD1/I/7115/2026 dated 
March 16, 2026 issued norms related to computation 
of SGF requirement and standardized stress testing 
for credit risk in commodity derivatives. The total Core 
SGF as on March 31, 2026 stood at `1,367.29 crores, of 
which `285.58 crores has been contributed by MCX, 
`760.40 crores has been contributed by MCXCCL and  
`321.31 crores has accrued from penalties, interest and 
other accruals.
 MCX Coal Exchange of India Limited
  
During the year under review, SEBI has vide letter 
dated A
pril 17, 2026, inter alia, granted approval under 
Regulation 38(2) of SECC Regulations for investment 
in the Coal Exchange. Accordingly, the Company has 
incorporated a wholly owned subsidiary company in the 
name of MCX Coal Exchange of India Limited, on June 11, 
2026. Initially, your Company shall hold 100% stake and 
may subsequently seek other partners to hold shares in the 
Subsidiary Company. Subsequently, a license application 
will be submitted to Coal Controller Organization of India.
Board’s Report (Contd.)

--- page 48 ---
62
Statutory Reports
MCX Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
  MCX as the largest Commodity Exchange in the 
coun
try proposes to further deepen commodity market 
infrastructure, by developing a regulated, technology 
driven market for buying and selling coal. This will 
be highly bene/f_icial to the ecosystem, as it will be a 
transparent, standardized digital platform for physical 
delivery of coal at market-driven fair and robust prices. 
Through this initiative MCX will leverage its leadership 
in commodity exchange’s governance, surveillance and 
clearing & settlement mechanisms to develop and support 
a transparent and technology driven coal ecosystem, as 
envisioned by the Government of India.
25. ASSOCIATES
 (i) Countrywide Commodity Repository Limited
 (ii) 
India International Bullion Holding IFSC Ltd.
  During the year under review, there were no companies 
which have bec
ome or have ceased to be the joint venture 
of your Company.
  Further, the Managing Director & CEO of your Company 
does not receive any remuneration or commission from its 
subsidiary and associate companies.
  A report on the performance and /f_inancial position/salient 
features of the subsidiary and associate companies as per 
the Companies Act, 2013 is provided as Annexure I.
  In accordance with Section 136(1) of the Companies 
Act, 2013, the /f_inancial statements including standalone 
and consolidated /f_inancial statements and all other 
documents required to be attached thereto and audited 
annual accounts of MCXCCL, the subsidiary Company, 
are available on our website at the weblink https://
www.mcxindia.com/investor-relations/shareholder-
information.
26.  MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 
STATEMENT
  Management Discussion and Analysis Statement, as 
stipulat
ed under the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015, forms 
a part of this Annual Report.
27. COMMITMENT TO QUALITY
  Your Company continues its journey of delivering value 
to all its stakeholders thr
ough investments in quality 
programs. Your Company has been enabling excellence 
in product and services delivery through compliance of 
robust processes, quality management system, customer 
centricity and risk mitigation. Your Company has adopted 
several external benchmarks and certi/f_ications to validate 
the processes and controls implemented across the 
Exchange. Your Company resolves to maintain its pre-
eminent position in the Commodity space.
  Your Company was successful in upholding its 
commitment towards compliance with and adherence 
to international best practices. Your Company has been 
continuously raising the bar through eﬀective research 
and product development, intelligent use of information 
and technology, innovation, thought leadership and 
ethical business conduct. MCX has been certi/f_ied with 
ISO standards i.e., Quality Management System (ISO 
9001:2015), Environment Management System (ISO 
14001:2015), Business Continuity Management System 
(ISO 22301:2019) and Information Security Management 
System (ISO/IEC 27001:2022)./uni00A0As a part of its commitment 
to its subscribers, trading members, and the partner 
ecosystem, your Company also undertook proactive 
audits to strengthen its core processes, cyber security 
posture and adherence to regulator guidelines, as they 
came into eﬀect.
  It is the constant endeavour of your Company to hire 
and retain the top talent. The Company has invested in 
senior leadership resources and strengthened the middle 
management layer.
28. RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT
  Your Company regularly undertakes research for 
developing new produc
ts against the backdrop of evolving 
market needs, changing policy and regulatory landscape 
and global best practices. Following research in market 
demand and after receiving regulatory approvals, on April 
01, 2025, MCX launched the Gold Ten (10-gram) futures 
contract to improve market accessibility for retail investors 
and smaller participants. Further, after having undertaken 
extensive market research, the exchange made history on 
July 10, 2025, by becoming the /f_irst in India to introduce 
electricity derivatives via the MCX Electricity (Monthly Base 
Load) Futures. The Exchange also continued its research 
into existing products and re/f_ining them as per market 
demand and evolving landscapes. The MCX Nickel futures 
and MCX Cotton futures contracts were modi/f_ied during 
the year to better mirror physical market dynamics. Building 
on this momentum, the Exchange introduced the Silver 100 
futures contracts (100-gram lot size) on June 1, 2026.
  In accordance with SEBI guidelines on utilisation of 
interest income on Investor Protection Fund (IPF) for 
research activities, your Company initiated two research 
studies during the year FY 2025-26 on themes connected 
to commodity derivatives market. The studies are 
‘Unlocking Institutional Participation in Indian Commodity 
Board’s Report (Contd.)
63
Derivatives Market: A Framework for Deeper Market 
Integr
ation’ being undertaken by team from IIM Raipur 
and ‘India’s Commodity Crystal Ball: What Will be Valuable, 
Scarce & Strategic in 2047?’ being undertaken by team from 
TranGraph Consultancy Pvt. Ltd. Further, two research 
studies initiated in FY 2024-25, were completed during 
FY 2025-26. There were: ‘Commodity Options Strategies 
for Easing Participation of Hedgers and Small Stakeholders’  
undertaken by Birla Institute of Management Technology 
(BIMTECH) and ‘State of Warehouse Receipt-Based Financing 
in India and Path Forward’ ,  undertaken by TransGraph 
Consulting Pvt. Ltd.
  Reports of completed research studies have been widely 
publicized through the Exchange’s website and social 
media accounts and the printed copies of the reports 
compiled and circulated among policy circles, educational 
institutions, regulatory bodies etc. Besides, the /f_indings of 
the studies are also being disseminated through articles 
published in the print media and also widely-publicized 
awareness events.
  To raise awareness and promote research in commodity 
markets and their ecosystem, your Company publishes an 
annual publication titled ‘Commodity Insights Yearbook’ . 
The 2025 edition of the Yearbook was a collaborative eﬀort 
between MCX IPF and the Indian Institute of Management 
Bangalore. The Yearbook is a compilation of research 
articles and valuable data on commodity markets and 
the 2025 edition speci/f_ically focused on articles centered 
around the theme of ‘Commodity Derivatives: Intrinsic to a 
nation’s development’ .  The publication, along with relevant 
data in user-friendly spreadsheets, is available for free 
download on the Exchange’s website to ensure maximum 
accessibility. Copies of the Yearbook were also widely 
distributed among academicians, libraries, and other 
stakeholders.
  Two thematic reports were also released and disseminated 
during the year, at events organized by the Exchange to 
deliberate on issues pertinent to speci/f_ic themes. A report 
titled ‘Base Metals Derivatives Serving a `20 Trillion Market’ 
was released on September 17, 2025 by Chairman, SEBI 
at the event organized to explore ways to develop the 
Base Metals derivatives market, while another report 
titled “Investing in Commodities: A `5 trillion Opportunity 
for Financial Institutions” was released at an event on 
December 17, 2025 organized to discuss ways to enhance 
participation of /f_inancial institutions in India’s commodity 
derivatives market.
  Apart from the above, a monthly newsletter ‘Commodity 
Connect’ is widely circulated and uploaded on the 
website, which is another eﬀective tool used to regularly 
communicate with the Exchange’s stakeholders.
  During the year FY 2025-26, your Company also engaged 
with a number of educational institutions and participated 
in research conferences conducted by institutions and 
associations such as India Finance Conference (annual 
pan-IIMs research conference), International Conference 
on Financial Markets and Corporate Finance (annual pan-
IITs conference), Gold Policy Centre at IIM Ahmedabad, The 
Indian Econometric Society (TIES), apart from conducting 
and participating in training and awareness sessions at a 
number of educational institutions across the country.
  As part of the Exchange’s initiatives at creating and 
spreading knowledge for orderly functioning and 
development of the securities market, your Company has 
been providing calculated values for some commodities 
on a daily basis to an Asset Management Company (AMC), 
which forms part of a benchmark index created and 
tracked by the AMC.
29. ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY
  Your Company believes in climate friendly business 
prac
tices and focussed sustainability initiatives. Your 
Company has adopted an Environmental Policy. It utilizes 
the resources in an eﬀective manner and focuses on 
energy eﬃcient equipment with longer durable life to 
drive its business.
  Your Company is highly dependent on Information 
Technology. To maintain its productivity and sustainable 
performance it carries out regular maintenance along 
with software and storage upgrades. The IT infra is built 
on scalable model where the services can be expanded 
without replacing the infra through higher upgrade.
  Your Company encourages online meeting as much as 
possible and limit physical travel as it is aware of carbon 
footprints left behind through Business travels.
Board’s Report (Contd.)

--- page 49 ---
64
Statutory Reports
MCX Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
  Your Company manages its waste through environmental 
best pr
actise on the principle of reuse, reduce and recover. 
Your Company has E-Waste policy for disposal of E-waste 
through recyclers to avoid any e-waste going to the land 
/f_ill.
  Your Company has adopted resource conservation 
through eﬃcient use of water by introducing tap aerators 
and rainwater harvesting.
  Your Company has implemented password enabled 
printers to reduce paper waste.
  Your Company control its emission by implementing Retro 
Emission Control Device (RECD) on Diesel generators 
to trap particulate matter (PM) from escaping in the 
environment promoting environmental healthy practices.
  Your Company checks its environmental impact through 
Stack Emission, Noise Pollution & Air quality checks.
30. CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY /parenleft.capCSR/parenright.cap
  The Company has constituted a Committee in accordance 
with S ec
tion 135 of the Act. The Annual Report on 
CSR activities as per the Companies (Corporate Social 
Responsibility Policy) Rules, 2014 has been annexed to 
this Report as Annexure II. The CSR policy is available on 
the website of the Company at https://www.mcxindia.
com/about-us
31.  BUSINESS RESPONSIBILITY AND 
SUSTAINABILIT Y
 REPORT /parenleft.capBRSR/parenright.cap
  The Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report 
(BRSR) of the C ompan
y for the Financial Year 2025-26, 
as required under Regulation 34(2)(f ) of the SEBI (LODR) 
Regulations, 2015, is a part of this Annual Report and 
also available on the website of the Company at www.
mcxindia.com. The BRSR provides insights on the initiatives 
taken by the Company from an environmental, social and 
governance perspective. The Company regularly carries 
out several initiatives that contribute to the sustainability 
and well-being of the environment and the communities 
in which it operates. The Company also recognises 
the importance of sustainability and is committed to 
conserve the ecological integrity of its locations through 
responsible business practices. Sustainability is thus a core 
agenda for the Company.
32. ETHICS AND GOVERNANCE POLICIES
  Your Company adheres to high ethical standards to ensure 
int
egrity, transparency, independence and accountability 
in dealing with all stakeholders. Accordingly, your 
Company has adopted various codes and policies to carry 
out the duties in an ethical manner. Some of these codes/
policies framed and implemented by your Company are 
Board’s Report (Contd.)
the Code of Conduct, Code of Practices and Procedures 
for F
air Disclosures of Unpublished Price Sensitive 
Information, Code of Conduct for Prevention of Insider 
Trading, Whistle Blower Policy/Vigil Mechanism, Policy on 
Related Party Transactions, Policy for determining Material 
Subsidiaries, Corporate Social Responsibility Policy, Risk 
Management Policy, Nomination and Remuneration 
Policy, Policy for Appointment of Independent External 
Persons on Committees of the Board, Board Diversity 
Policy, etc.
 A.  POLICY ON NOMINATION AND REMUNERATION 
PARTICULARS OF REMUNER
ATION
   Your Company has adopted a well-de/f_ined 
Nomination & 
Remuneration Policy for Directors, 
Key Managerial Personnel formulated in terms of the 
provisions of SECC Regulations, 2018, Companies 
Act, 2013 and SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015. The 
said Policy is available under the weblink https://
www.mcxindia.com/investor-relations/corporate-
governance
   The ratio of the remuneration of each Director and 
KMP to the median employee’s remuneration and 
other details in accordance with Section 197 (12) 
of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Rule 5(1) of 
the Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of 
Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014 and Regulation 
27(6) of the SECC Regulations, 2018, forms part of 
this Report as Annexure III.
   Further, in accordance with Section 197 (12) of the 
Companies Act, 2013 read with Rule 5 (2) of the 
Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of 
Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014, and Regulation 
27(5) of SECC Regulations, 2018, a statement 
containing particulars of employees as stipulated 
therein also forms part of this Report as Annexure 
IV.
 B. WHISTLE BLOWER POLICY / VIGIL MECHANISM
  
 Your Company believes in the conduct of the aﬀairs 
of its constituents in a fair and tr
ansparent manner 
by adopting highest standards of professionalism, 
honesty, integrity and ethical behavior. Pursuant to 
Section 177(9) of the Companies Act, 2013 read with 
Rule 7 of the Companies (Meetings of Board and its 
Powers) Rules, 2014, Regulation 22 of the SEBI (LODR) 
Regulations, 2015 and SEBI circular ref. No. SEBI/HO/
MRD/POD3/P/CIR/2024/162 dated November 22, 
2024, the Board of Directors have implemented a 
vigil mechanism through the adoption of a Whistle 
Blower Policy which has been amended from time to 
time. The said policy is available on the website of the 
65
Company at https://www.mcxindia.com/investor-
rela
tions/corporate-governance For further details, 
please refer to the report on Corporate Governance 
forming part of this Annual Report.
 C. POLICY ON MATERIAL SUBSIDIARIES
  
 As required under Regulation 16(1)(c) of SEBI (LODR) 
Regulations
, 2015, the Company has formulated 
and adopted a policy for determining Material 
Subsidiaries.
   For FY 2025-26, Multi Commodity Exchange Clearing 
Corporation Limited (“MCXCCL ”) is the material 
subsidiary of the Company. As per Regulation 24A of 
SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015, the Secretarial Audit 
Report of MCXCCL is a part of Annexure V of this 
report.
   The policy on Material Subsidiary is available on the 
website of the Company at https://www.mcxindia.
com/investor-relations/corporate-governance
 D. INSIDER TRADING REGULATIONS
   Pursuant to the provisions of SEBI (Prohibition of 
Insider T
rading) Regulations, 2015, the Company 
has formulated a Code of Conduct for Prevention 
of Insider Trading (“Insider Trading Code”) and Code 
of Practices and Procedures for fair disclosure of 
Unpublished Price Sensitive Information (“UPSI”). The 
Code of Practices and Procedures for fair disclosure 
of UPSI is available on the website of the Company 
at https://www.mcxindia.com/investor-relations/
corporate-governance
 E.  CONTRACTS AND ARRANGEMENTS WITH 
RELA
TED PARTIES
   All related party transactions entered into by your 
Company dur
ing the period under review were in 
the ordinary course of business and at arm’s length 
pricing basis. Also, prior omnibus approval was 
obtained for related party transactions which were of 
repetitive nature and entered in the ordinary course 
of business and are at arm’s length. The related 
party transactions entered into by your Company 
during the year under review, were approved by 
the Audit Committee and noted by the Board, as 
applicable, in accordance with the provisions of 
the Companies Act, 2013, SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 
2015 and other applicable guidelines/directions 
from the Regulator. Further, transactions entered 
into between a holding Company and its wholly 
owned subsidiary whose accounts are consolidated 
with such holding Company are exempted from the 
provisions related to omnibus approval, under the 
Board’s Report (Contd.)
applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 
and the SEBI (LODR) R
egulations, 2015. However, the 
Company, as a good corporate governance practice, 
does seek omnibus approval for transactions to be 
entered into with MCXCCL, wholly owned subsidiary 
of the Company and Associate Companies.
   Pursuant to Section 134(3)(h) read with Rule 8(2) 
of the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014, the 
particulars of material contracts or arrangements 
with related parties referred to in Section 188 (1) 
of the Companies Act, 2013, in Form AOC-2, is 
available on the website of the Company at https://
www.mcxindia.com/investor-relations/shareholder-
information
   Your Company has formulated a policy on materiality 
of related party transactions and dealing with 
related party transactions as amended from time 
to time. The Policy is uploaded on the website of 
your Company and may be accessed at the weblink: 
https://www.mcxindia.com/investor-relations/
corporate-governance
   All Related Party Transactions as required under Ind 
AS 24 – Related Party Disclosures, are reported in 
Note 37 and Note 38 of Notes to Accounts of the 
standalone and consolidated /f_inancial statements, 
respectively of your Company.
 F. DIVIDEND DISTRIBUTION POLICY
  
 Pursuant to Regulation 43A of the SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure R
equirements) 
Regulations, 2015, your Company had formulated 
a Dividend Distribution Policy which is available on 
the Company’s website at https://www.mcxindia.
com/investor-relations/corporate-governance.
 G. BOARD COMMITTEES
  
 There are various Board constituted Committees as 
stipulated under the A
ct and SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 
2015 namely Audit Committee, Nomination and 
Remuneration Committee, Stakeholders Relationship 
Committee, Risk Management Committee and 
Corporate Social Responsibility Committee. Brief 
details pertaining to composition, terms of reference, 
meetings held and attendance thereat of these 
Committees during the year have been enumerated 
in Corporate Governance Report forming part of this 
Annual Report which are detailed in the CG Report.
   Additionally, Company being an Exchange, has 
also constituted other Regulatory Committees as 
stipulated under SECC Regulations, 2018.

--- page 50 ---
66
Statutory Reports
MCX Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
 AUDIT COMMITTEE
  A detailed note on the composition, terms of reference 
etc., of A
udit Committee is covered under the Corporate 
Governance Report. During the year under review, all the 
recommendations made by the Audit Committee were 
accepted by the Board.
33. STATUTORY AUDITORS AND THEIR REPORT
  The Report given by the Auditor on Financial Statements 
of the C ompan
y forms part of the Annual Report. They 
issued the Report with an unmodi/f_ied opinion. There is 
no quali/f_ication, reservation or adverse remark made by 
the Auditor in their report. During the year, the Auditors 
have not reported any fraud to the Audit Committee or 
the Board.
34. SECRETARIAL AUDITORS AND THEIR REPORT
  The Board of Directors at their meeting held on May 08, 
2025, based on the rec
ommendations of Audit Committee, 
approved the appointment of M/s AVS & Associates, 
Practicing Company Secretaries, (FRN: P2016MH54900) 
as Secretarial Auditors of the Company for a term of 5 
years from FY 2025-26 till FY 2029-30 subject to approval 
of shareholders at the ensuing Annual General Meeting. 
The shareholders at the 23rd Annual General Meeting held 
on September 12, 2025, approved their appointment for a 
term of 5 years from FY 2025-26 till FY 2029-30.
  Further, M/s Mayekar & Associates, Practicing Company 
Secretaries, were appointed as the Secretarial Auditors by 
the Board of MCXCCL to conduct their secretarial audit for 
FY 2025-26.
  In accordance with Section 204(1) of the Companies Act, 
2013 and Regulation 24A of SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015 
the Secretarial Audit Reports of the Company and MCXCCL 
for the Financial Year ended March 31, 2026 are annexed 
as Annexure V to this Report. The Secretarial Audit Report 
does not contain any quali/f_ications, reservations, or 
adverse remarks.
35. INTERNAL AUDITOR
  Internal Audit for the year ended March 31, 2026, 
was 
conducted by M/s Mittal & Associates, Chartered 
Accountants. Internal Audit report at periodic intervals 
were placed before the Audit Committee and the Board.
36. COST RECORDS AND COST AUDIT
  Maintenance of cost records and requirement of Cost 
Audit as pr
escribed under the provisions of Section 148(1) 
of the Act, are not applicable for the business activities 
carried out by the Company.
37. COMPLIANCE WITH SECRETARIAL STANDARDS
  The Company has devised proper systems to ensure 
complianc
e with the provisions of all applicable Secretarial 
Standards (“SS”) issued by the Institute of Company 
Secretaries of India and that such systems are adequate 
and operating eﬀectively. During the year under review, 
the Company has complied with the Secretarial Standards 
i.e. SS-1 and SS-2 relating to “Meetings of the Board of 
Directors” and “General Meetings” , respectively.
38. ANNUAL RETURN
  Pursuant to Section 92(3) of the Companies Act, 2013, the 
Annual Retur
n in form MGT-7 for FY 2025-26 is available at 
the web link https://www.mcxindia.com/investor-relations
39.  INTERNAL FINANCIAL CONTROLS AND THEIR 
ADEQUAC
Y
  Your Company has maintained adequate internal /f_inancial 
con
trols over /f_inancial reporting, which are constantly 
assessed and strengthened with new/revised standard 
operating procedures. The Board has adopted policies and 
procedures for ensuring the orderly and eﬃcient conduct 
of its business, including adherence to the Company’s 
policies, safeguarding of its assets, prevention and 
detection of fraud, error reporting mechanisms, accuracy 
and completeness of the accounting records and timely 
preparation of reliable /f_inancial disclosures.
  The Company’s internal control system is commensurate 
with its size, scale and complexities of its operations. 
The Audit Committee of the Board actively reviews 
the adequacy and eﬀectiveness of the internal control 
systems and suggests improvements to strengthen the 
same. The Audit Committee of the Board and Statutory 
Auditors are periodically apprised of the internal audit 
/f_indings and corrective actions taken. Audit plays a key 
role in providing assurance to the Board of Directors on 
the eﬀectiveness of internal controls and the veracity of 
the /f_inancial statements. Such internal /f_inancial controls 
over /f_inancial reporting were operating eﬀectively as of 
March 31, 2026.
40.  DETAILS IN RESPECT OF FRAUDS REPORTED 
BY A
UDITORS UNDER SUB/hyphen.capSECTION /parenleft.cap12/parenright.cap OF 
SECTION 143 OTHER THAN THOSE WHICH ARE 
REPORTABLE TO THE CENTRAL GOVERNMENT
  No fraud has been reported by the Auditors to the Audit 
Committ
ee or the Board.
Board’s Report (Contd.)
67
41. LEGAL UPDATE
 Crude Oil Matters:
  
Crude Oil contracts were launched by MCX on October 
22, 2019, which expired on A
pril 20, 2020. As per contract 
speci/f_ications, the Crude oil contracts are always settled 
as per the NYMEX WTI Crude oil contract settlement price 
converted into Indian rupees on the last trading day. On 
April 20, 2020, the NYMEX Crude oil contracts fell into 
negative territory i.e. -37$. Accordingly, the MCX/ CCL 
Circular dated April 21, 2020 /f_ixed the due date rate of the 
futures contract expiring on April 20, 2020 minus 2,884 ` 
per barrel. This resulted in multiple Writ Petitions being 
/f_iled against MCX and MCXCCL in various High Courts 
wherein it was inter-alia prayed to quash and set aside the 
Impugned Circular dated April 21, 2020. 
  All the writ petitions /f_iled before various High Courts were 
transferred to Hon’ble Bombay High Court and clubbed. 
The matter has been argued at length with hearings 
taking place every week from January 2026. The Bombay 
High Court vide its Order pronounced on June 24, 2026, 
held the validity of the MCX/MCX-CCL Circular dated April 
21, 2020, rejected all challenges to the negative DDR 
settlement mechanism, and held that the petitioners were 
bound by the contractual settlement framework thereby 
dismissing all the Writ Petitions. Dhanera Diamonds has 
/f_iled appeal in the form of Special Leave Petition in the 
Supreme Court which will be listed in due course.
42. HUMAN RESOURCE DEVELOPMENT
  Human Resources plays an instrumental role in securing 
the future suc
cess of the organization. In doing so, HR by 
its long-term vision of working in partnership to create an 
environment where employees can thrive and are enabled 
to deliver sustainable organizational performance.
  As on March 31, 2026, the Exchange had 478 employees 
(includes employees and trainees/management trainees).
  HR principles & priorities have ensured that exchange 
seeks to retain, develop and continue to attract people 
with the requisite skills to help shape a better organization 
and foster employees engagement and motivation 
throughout the implementation process.
  During the year, the Company undertook several 
employee engagement and welfare initiatives, including 
employee welfare programmes, festive celebrations, 
sports and recreational activities, and other employee-
centric events designed to promote collaboration, well-
being, and a sense of belonging across the organization.
  MCX made signi/f_icant investments in building a future-
ready workforce through a structured Learning & 
Board’s Report (Contd.)
Development strategy aligned to business priorities, 
leadership capabilit y, dig
ital transformation, customer 
excellence, and regulatory compliance.
  The Company conducted its annual Employee Satisfaction 
Survey to assess employee sentiment, identify areas for 
improvement, and strengthen organizational eﬀectiveness. 
The insights gathered through the survey continue 
to support the Company’s eﬀorts towards enhancing 
employee engagement and workplace practices.
  The Exchange also organized its Annual Employee Event, 
providing a platform for employees across locations to 
come together, celebrate achievements, and reinforce the 
Company’s values and culture.
  Quarterly Townhall Meetings were conducted to facilitate 
transparent communication between leadership and 
employees, enabling the sharing of business updates, 
strategic priorities, and organizational developments.
43.  DISCLOSURES PERTAINING TO THE SEXUAL 
HARASSMENT  
OF WOMEN AT THE WORKPLACE 
/parenleft.capPREVENTION, PROHIBITION AND REDRESSAL/parenright.cap 
ACT, 2013
  Your Company continues to have in place an Anti-Sexual 
Harassmen
t Policy and has complied with the provisions 
relating to the constitution of Internal Complaints 
Committee under “The Sexual Harassment of Women at 
the Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition & Redressal) Act, 
2013” . The Company had conducted workshops on POSH 
for the employees on periodic basis.
  No complaint was received during the FY 2025- 26 in 
relation thereto. Details are provided below:
 (a)  number of complaints of sexual harassment received 
in the year: 0 complaints
 (b)  number of complaints disposed oﬀ during the year; 
and - NA
 (c)  number of cases pending for more than ninety days.- 
NA
  The Company has complied to the provisions relating to 
the Maternity Bene/f_its Act 1961 in FY 25-26.
44. EMPLOYEE STOCK OPTION SCHEME
  The stock options granted to the employees of the 
Compan
y, operated under the “Employee Stock Option 
Scheme 2008 (ESOP 2008)” of the Company, formulated 
in accordance with the SEBI (Employee Stock Option 
Scheme and Employee Stock Purchase Scheme) 
Guidelines 1999, which was approved by the shareholders 
at the Extraordinary General Meeting held on February 
27, 2008. MCX ESOP Trust constituted by the Company 

--- page 51 ---
68
Statutory Reports
MCX Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
is responsible for administration and implementation of 
the scheme under the dir ec
tions of the Nomination and 
Remuneration Committee. There has been no change in 
the Scheme during the year ended March 31, 2026.
  There were no grants pending for vesting as at March 31, 
2026. No new grants were made during FY 2025-26.
  The relevant disclosures required under the SEBI 
Regulations for the year ended March 31, 2026 are 
available on the website of the Company at https://www.
mcxindia.com/investor-relations/corporate-governance
45.  CONSERVATION OF ENERGY , TECHNOLOGY 
ABSORPTION  AND  FOREIGN
 EXCHANGE 
EARNINGS/OUTGO
  The disclosures to be made under Section 134 (3) (m) 
of the C ompanies A
ct, 2013 read with Rule 8 (3) of the 
Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014, are explained as under:
 A) CONSERVATION OF ENERGY
  
 Your Company is committed to conducting its 
business through eﬃcient ener
gy utilisation. It 
has implemented various measures to optimise 
energy consumption by adopting energy eﬃcient 
equipment, thereby supporting sustainable growth. 
Your Company explores new technologies and 
innovative techniques to enhance the energy 
eﬃciency of its infrastructure
  i.  Steps taken or impact on Conservation of 
Energy:
    Your Company has installed Precision Air 
Cooling System for the rack servers in the 
Data Centre. This system is highly energy-
eﬃcient, featuring Variable Frequency Drives 
(VFD) coupled with linear scroll compressors 
that adjust power consumption according 
to demand. The system provides targeted 
cooling to the equipment only, rather than the 
surrounding environment, thereby preventing 
unnecessary operation of compressors and 
minimizing energy wastage while maintaining 
optimal server rack temperatures
    Your Company has implemented a 7 th 
Generation Variable Refrigerant Volume 
(VRV) air-conditioning system for the entire 
building. This inverter-based system reduces 
compressor rotations during periods of lower 
occupancy, resulting in signi/f_icantly lower 
energy consumption. Additionally, the use of 
environment-friendly R410A refrigerant further 
supports sustainability goals.
    Your Company has UV-resistant /f_ilm has 
been applied to the facade glass windows to 
minimize heat ingress into the building. This 
reduces the overall air-conditioning load and 
lowers electricity consumption. The treated 
glass also helps decrease the need for arti/f_icial 
lighting during daytime hours.
    Your Company has installed motion sensors in 
low-traﬃc areas to regulate lighting and reduce 
energy consumption.
    Your Company’s business processes have been 
automated, improving productivity while also 
saving energy by reducing the time computers 
need to run.
    Your Company primarily uses laptops for IT 
functions, along with SSD drives, which support 
faster processing and lower power usage.
    Your Company maintains adequate capacitor 
bank for non-linear electrical loads such as 
air-conditioning plants, pumps, and motors, 
helping reduce unnecessary energy draw and 
improve the power factor.
    Your Company uses energy-eﬃcient electrical 
equipment, including modern devices and IP-
based cameras.
    Your Company has adopted ASHRAE 
guidelines for air conditioning and maintains 
the temperature at 24 degrees Celsius in work 
areas.
    Your Company has strict power-monitoring 
schedule is followed for air conditioners and 
lighting to avoid electricity wastage.
    Additionally, energy audits, heat load 
calculations, and power factor correction are 
carried out regularly. Password-protected 
printers have also been installed, which only 
print when a password is entered, thereby 
reducing unnecessary paper use and energy 
consumption.
  ii.  Steps taken by your Company for utilizing 
alternate sources of energy:
    Your Company has not utilised any alternate 
source of energy during the year under review.
  iii.  Capital investment on energy conservation 
equipment:
    Your Company replaced old building lights with 
energy-eﬃcient LED lights as part of its energy-
saving measures. Total investment: `3.08 lakhs.
Board’s Report (Contd.)
69
    Your Company has replaced old desktops 
and CPU s with lapt
ops, and old servers with 
new energy-eﬃcient servers using SSD drives, 
improving processing speed while reducing 
energy consumption. Total investment: `26.03 
crores.
 B) TECHNOLOGY ABSORPTION
  
Cyber Security framework
   
Special emphasis was laid by your Company on 
continuous improvement in its cyber security 
framework and information security management 
systems. The organization has implemented robust 
and comprehensive cyber security aligned with 
industry best practices, regulatory requirements, 
and internationally recognized standards like ISO 
27001:2022 standard. The framework is designed to 
protect its critical information assets, applications, 
databases, networks, and digital service from 
evolving cyber threats and ensure the Con/f_identiality, 
Integrity and Availability of Information assets while 
supporting secure business operation, regulatory 
compliance, and eﬀective cyber risk management.
   MCX has multi layered security architecture that 
combines preventive, detective, corrective and 
proactive security controls across People, Process, 
and Technology domains. Key security capabilities 
include safeguarding sensitive information, 
continuous threat monitoring and timely incident 
response. Security assurance is further strengthened 
through periodic Vulnerability Assessment and 
Penetration testing (VAPT).
   Through continuous monitoring, regulatory 
compliance, security assessment, governance 
oversight, and proactive threat management, the 
organization has established a resilient cybersecurity 
ecosystem that enhances operational resilience, 
support audit readiness, mitigates emerging cyber 
threat and drives continuous improvement of the 
organization overall security posture. Your Company 
has also implemented 24x7x365 Cyber Security 
Operation Centre (C-SOC) for monitoring and raising 
alerts related to cyber-attacks and other security 
related incidents round the clock.
   Highest priority and continuous support were given 
by the senior management to all matters of Cyber 
Security and Risk Management.
   MCX understands that humans are the weakest link 
in cyber-attacks and in view of the same, continuous 
awareness sessions are conducted to enhance 
preparedness among employees against cyber-
attacks. The awareness initiative is also extended to 
the Market participants through Member awareness 
sessions & advisories.
   The Company has also been classi/f_ied as a CII (Critical 
Information Infrastructure) through noti/f_ication 
from the Ministry of Finance (MoF) & National 
Critical Information Infrastructure Protection Center 
(NCIIPC). Your Company has taken measures to meet 
the expectations of the agency by adopting the 
guidelines and frameworks issued by NCIIPC from 
time to time.
   Switchover/switchback between Primary & DR 
site while conducting un-announced Live trading 
from DR site
   Your Company ensured smooth running of an 
un-announced Live Trading Operations from 
Disaster Recovery Site for two consecutive days, in 
compliance with regulatory norms.
   Your Company ensured that staﬀ members working 
at DRS run the live trading session independent of 
the PDC staﬀ.
   Your Company has strengthened the Business 
Continuity Plan (BCP) and Disaster Recovery (DR) 
Policy and framework considering the latest SEBI 
Guidelines for BCP-DR of MIIs, with an objective to 
put in place measures to restore operations of critical 
systems within stipulated Recovery Time Objective 
(RTO), streamlining communication protocols, 
identifying broad scenarios of disaster, escalation 
hierarchy among others.
   Upgrading Information Technology Systems
   Your Company has continued to allocate substantial 
resources towards upgrading information 
technology systems. Our overarching goal remains 
achieving higher capacity, lower latency, improved 
market eﬃciency and transparency, enhanced 
user experience, and providing /f_lexibility for future 
business growth and market needs.
  Strong Technology Framework
   MCX’s technology infrastructure is the foundation of 
our business and a key contributor to the Exchange’s 
functioning and development. MCX state-of-the-
art technology infrastructure forms the backbone 
of your exchange operations, driving growth and 
ensuring market continuity. Our core trading 
platform and mission-critical applications are hosted 
at our Mumbai headquarters. To ensure Business 
continuity, we maintain a fully functional BCP 
site in GIFT City, built to achieve seamless failover 
Board’s Report (Contd.)

--- page 52 ---
70
Statutory Reports
MCX Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
and restore operations strictly within regulatory 
Recovery Time Objectives (RTO).
   Our electronic platform is supported by our 
infrastructure and advanced technology, allowing 
fast trade execution, low latency, anonymity 
between counterparties, price transparency, prompt 
and reliable order routing, trade reporting, multicast 
tick-by-tick market data dissemination and market 
surveillance.
   The Exchange’s state-of-art data center is supported 
by best-in-class network and security infrastructure 
with high availability at all levels. The Company runs 
‘Defence-in-depth’ strategy to ensure information 
security at all layers with well-de/f_ined Information 
Security policy and Cyber Security and Cyber 
Resilience policy & governance structure.
   In the /f_iscal year 2025-26, the Exchange handled 
below mentioned Peak Volumes, seamlessly. MCX 
Trading Engine scaled seamlessly to over 200 crore 
orders a day in FY 2025-26, a sharp rise over the prior 
year, underscoring the robustness and scalability 
engineered into its trading technology stack
  (i)  The bene/f_its derived like product 
improvement, cost reduction and product 
development:
    During FY 2025-26, your Company continued 
to invest in IT systems and provide a 
competitive advantage. Your Company’s robust 
technology infrastructure continues to provide 
uninterrupted trading experience, reliability, 
credibility and mitigating risk of single point of 
failure. Your Company has laid special focus on 
automation to drive eﬃciency, scalability and 
innovation.
    MCX has been making sustained investments 
in both technology and human capital, 
re/f_lecting our long-term commitment to 
scalability, resiliency, eﬃciency and regulatory 
alignment. During this period, MCX has 
continuously invested in encompassing infra 
upgrades, system modernisation, cybersecurity 
enhancements, scalability and operational 
continuity in line with evolving business and 
regulatory requirements. The Exchange has 
consistently strengthened its human capital 
in technology, risk management, compliance 
and operations. Continuous training and skill 
upgradation are continuously undertaken to 
ensure that staﬀ capabilities keep pace with 
technology advancements.
Board’s Report (Contd.)
    MCX’s Continuous eﬀorts on upgradation/
enhancement of the I
nformation Technology 
and related Infrastructure and constantly 
monitoring the performance. With the growth 
in Business MCX has ramped up its technology 
investments to cater to evolving needs. This 
re/f_lects MCX commitment in building long-
term sophisticated system to ensure credibility 
and reliability of its system.
    Post migration to the new Technology platform 
on October 16, 2023, the Exchange has seen 
signi/f_icant growth in trading volumes in 
subsequent years and the new Technology 
Platform has scaled up to handle these volumes 
seamlessly. We have also enhanced the in-
house team capabilities to handle the quality 
assurance, operations and support of the new 
Technology platform.
    Our business environment is marked 
by constant and rapid technological 
advancements. To maintain our competitive 
edge, your Company continues to work on 
upgrades, enhancements and improve the 
performance, capacity, scalability, accessibility 
and features of our trading and clearing, 
systems and technologies.
  (ii)  Details of imported technology (imported 
during the last three years reckoned from 
the beginning of the /f_inancial year):
    Your Company has not directly imported any 
technology during the last three /f_inancial years.
  (iii)  Expenditure incurred on Research and 
Development (during the year under review) 
- Not applicable
 C)  FOREIGN EXCHANGE EARNINGS / OUTGO DURING 
THE YEAR UNDER RE
VIEW
   The details of foreign exchange earnings and outgo 
during the year under r
eview forms part of the 
Signi/f_icant Accounting Policies and Note no. 34 & 
no. 35 of Notes to Accounts of the standalone and 
consolidated /f_inancial statements, respectively.
46. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
  Your Company is committed to good corporate 
gov
ernance aligned with the best corporate practices. 
The report on Corporate Governance, as stipulated under 
Regulation 34(3) read with Schedule V of the SEBI (LODR) 
Regulations, 2015 and the certi/f_icate from a Practicing 
Company Secretary, regarding compliance of conditions 
71
of corporate governance, forms part of this Annual 
Repor
t. The report on Corporate Governance also contains 
disclosures as required under the Companies Act, 2013.
47.  RESOURCES COMMITTED TOWARDS 
STRENGTHENING REGUL A
TORY FUNCTIONS 
AND TOWARDS ENSURING COMPLIANCE WITH 
APPLICABLE REGULATORY REQUIREMENTS
  The Company being a recognized Stock Exchange is 
gov
erned by SEBI. The Company ensures compliances 
with various regulations and guidelines issued by SEBI 
from time to time and strives to implement the best 
governance practices.
  The disclosure pertaining to resources committed 
towards strengthening regulatory functions and ensuring 
compliance with regulatory requirements, backed by an 
activity-based accounting, in terms of Regulation 33 of the 
SECC Regulations, 2018, is as under.
  During the year under review, the Company’s regulatory 
division comprised of departments, handling various 
aspects of regulatory compliances, as under:
 1. SEBI Compliance
 2. Inspection & Enforcement
 3. Investor Protection Fund
 4.  Investor Services Department (Arbitration, Grievance 
Redressal Mechanism and Member Default)
 5. Membership
 6. Surveillance & Investigation
 7. Secretarial & Compliance
 8. Enterprise Risk Management
  As on March 31, 2026, the Company had 124 employees 
in the overall regulatory function. The Company has 
dedicated resources to manage the various regulatory 
functions.
  The Company has ensured to make disclosures of various 
mandatory regulatory requirements along with reporting 
of the same to various regulatory authorities in addition 
to informing the same to the Board of Directors and 
respective Committee.
  For the FY ended on March 31, 2026, the total cost (Fixed 
pay) incurred by the Exchange towards these functions was 
`21.81 crores MCX incurred direct and indirect expenses 
including technology expenses amounting `65.04 crores 
Board’s Report (Contd.)
as per activity-based accounting methodology towards 
strengthening regula
tory functions and towards ensuring 
compliance with regulatory requirements.
48. DIRECTORS’ RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT
  Pursuant to the requirement of Section 134 of the 
Companies A
ct, 2013, your Directors con/f_irm that:
 a)  in the preparation of the annual accounts for the 
/f_inancial year ended March 31, 2026, the applicable 
accounting standards had been followed along with 
proper explanation relating to material departures 
from the same;
 b)  they have selected such accounting policies and 
applied them consistently and made judgements 
and estimates that are reasonable and prudent so as 
to give a true and fair view of the state of aﬀairs of 
the Company as at March 31, 2026 and of the pro/f_it 
of the Company for the year ended March 31, 2026;
 c)  they have taken proper and suﬃcient care for the 
maintenance of adequate accounting records 
in accordance with the provisions of the Act for 
safeguarding the assets of the Company and 
for preventing and detecting fraud and other 
irregularities;
 d)  they have prepared the annual accounts on a ‘going 
concern’ basis;
 e)  they have laid down internal /f_inancial controls to 
be followed by the Company and that such internal 
/f_inancial controls are adequate and were operating 
eﬀectively; and
 f )  they have devised proper systems to ensure 
compliance with the provisions of all applicable laws 
and that such systems are adequate and operating 
eﬀectively.
49.  THE DETAILS OF APPLICATION MADE OR 
ANY PR
OCEEDING PENDING UNDER THE 
INSOLVENCY AND BANKRUPTCY CODE, 2016 
DURING THE YEAR ALONG WITH THEIR STATUS 
AS AT THE END OF THE FINANCIAL YEAR.
  In a matter dated October 2018, pertaining to a defaulting 
member, Ex
change had /f_iled an application under section 
9 of the IBC, 2016 for initiation of CIRP for the recovery 
of the dues towards the Investor Protection Fund and 
Exchange dues. The matter is being heard Ex-parte and 
has been adjourned to September 09, 2026  for hearing.

--- page 53 ---
72
Statutory Reports
MCX Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
50.  THE DETAILS OF DIFFERENCE BETWEEN 
AMOUNT OF THE VALUATION DONE AT THE 
TIME OF ONETIME SETTLEMENT AND THE 
VALUATION DONE WHILE TAKING LOAN FROM 
THE BANKS OR FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS 
ALONG WITH THE REASONS THEREOF .
  The requirement to disclose the details of diﬀerence 
between amoun
t of the valuation done at the time of 
onetime settlement and the valuation done while taking 
loan from the Banks or Financial Institutions along with 
the reasons thereof, is not applicable.
51. ACKNOWLEDGMENTS
  The Board of Directors wishes to place on record 
their sinc er
e gratitude for the valuable guidance and 
continued support extended by the Government of India, 
Government of Maharashtra, Other State Government, 
Ministry of Finance, SEBI, RBI, Stock Exchanges, Ministry 
of Corporate Aﬀairs, other government authorities, Banks, 
trading members, investors, shareholders, members of 
various committees, auditors and other stakeholders. 
The Directors would also like to take this opportunity to 
express their appreciation for the dedicated eﬀorts of the 
employees of the Company.
For and on behalf of the Board of Directors
Praveena Rai Harsh Kumar Bhanwala
MD & CEO Chairman & Public Interest Director
(DIN: 09474203) (DIN: 06417704)
Mumbai Mumbai
August 04, 2026 August 04, 2026
B
oard’s Report (Contd.)
73
Board’s Report - Annexure I
FORM A
OC/hyphen.cap1
[Pursuant to /f_irst proviso to sub-section (3) of Section 129 of the Companies Act, 2013 
read with R
ule 5 of the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014]
Statement containing salient features of the Financial Statement of subsidiaries or associate companies or Joint Ventures
PART “A”: SUBSIDIARY
` in crores, except % of shareholding
Sr. 
No.
Name of the Subsidiary Multi Commodity Exchange Clearing 
Corporation Limited (MCXCCL)
1. The date since when subsidiary was acquired August 01, 2008 (Incorporation date)
2. Reporting Period April 01, 2025 – March 31, 2026
3. Reporting Currency `
4. Share Capital 239.99
5. Reserves & Surplus 33.58
6. Total Assets 4,092.75
7. Total Liabilities (including Share Capital, Reserves & Surplus and Core Settlement and 
Guarantee Fund)
4,092.75
8. Investments 205.83
9. Turnover 428.17
10. Pro/f_it/(Loss) before taxation 320.79
11. Provision for taxation (13.37)
12. Pro/f_it / (Loss) after taxation 307.42
13. Proposed Dividend -
14. Extent of Shareholding (in percentage) 100%
Note:
(i)  
MCXCCL, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Multi Commodity Exchange of India Limited (MCX) was incorporated on August 01, 2008 
and has commenced its oper
ations from September 03, 2018.
(ii)  MCX Coal Exchange of India Limited, a wholly owned subsidiary of MCX was incorporated on June 11, 2026. As on June 30, 2026, 
MCX has contributed `1.00 crores towards capital infusion.
PART B: ASSOCIATE
/uni20B9 in crores, except % of shareholding
Sr. 
N
o.
Particulars Countrywide Commodity Repository 
Limited (CCRL), formerly known as CDSL 
Commodity Repository Limited
1. Latest audited Balance Sheet Date (Financial Year ended) March 31, 2026
2. Date on which the Associate was associated or acquired May 18, 2018
3. Shares of Associate or Joint Ventures held by the Company on the year end:
No. of equity shares
Amount of Investment in Associates
Extent of Holding (in percentage)
1,20,00,000 shares
12.00
24%
4. Description of how there is signi/f_icant in/f_luence 24% of Equity Share Stake
5. Reason why the associate is not consolidated Not Applicable
6. Net worth attributable to shareholding as per latest audited Balance Sheet 46.43
7. Pro/f_it or Loss for the year:
Considered in Consolidation
Not Considered in Consolidation
(2.43)
Not Applicable

--- page 54 ---
74
Statutory Reports
MCX Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
Board’s Report - Annexure I (Contd.)
` in crores, except % of shareholding
Sr. 
No.
Particulars India International Bullion 
Holding IFSC Limited (IIBH)
1. Latest audited Balance Sheet Date (Financial Year ended) March 31, 2026
2. Date on which the Associate was associated or acquired August 12, 2022
3. Shares of Associate or Joint Ventures held by the Company on the year end:
No. of equity shares
Amount of Investment in Associates 
Extent of Holding (in percentage)
50,00,00,000 shares
50.00
20%
4. Description of how there is signi/f_icant in/f_luence 20% of Equity Share Stake
5. Reason why the associate is not consolidated Not Applicable
6. Net worth attributable to shareholding as per latest audited Balance Sheet 245.82
7. Pro/f_it or Loss for the year:
Considered in Consolidation
Not Considered in Consolidation
(21.57)
Note:
1.  Group of Countrywide Commodity Repository Limited (CCRL) (Formerly known as “CDSL Commodity Repository Limited”) 
consists of:
 (i)  CDSL Ventures Limited
 (ii)  Centrico Insurance Repository Limited
2. Group of India International Bullion Holding IFSC Limited consists of:
 (i)  India International Bullion Exchange IFSC Limited - Subsidiary Company
 (ii)  India International Depository IFSC Limited - Subsidiary Company.
For and on behalf of the Board of Directors
Praveena Rai Harsh Kumar Bhan wala
MD & CEO Chairman & Public Interest Director
(DIN: 09474203) (DIN: 06417704)
Mumbai Mumbai
August 04, 2026 A
ugust 04, 2026
75
ANNUAL REPORT ON CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY ACTIVITIES FY 2025/hyphen.cap2026
1. Brief outline on CSR Policy of the Company
  
The Company has its Corporate Social Responsibility Policy, in consonance with Section 135 of the Companies Act, 2013 and 
rules made thereunder
. CSR policy has been amended from time to time in compliance with the Companies (Corporate Social 
Responsibility Policy) Amendment Rules. In line with Section 135 of the Companies Act, 2013, at least 2% of the average net 
pro/f_its of the Company made during the three immediately preceding Financial Years shall be spent in pursuance of Corporate 
Social Responsibility Policy. The Company ensures that CSR projects are carried out in line with activities prescribed under 
Schedule VII of the Act.
2. Composition of the CSR Committee:
 A
s on March 31, 2026, the CSR Committee comprises of the following members:
Sr. 
No.
Name of D irector Designation / Nature of 
Directorship
Number of meetings 
of CSR Committee 
held during the year
Number of meetings of 
CSR Committee attended 
during the year
1 Mr. Arvind Kathpalia Non-Independent Director and 
Chairperson
6 6
2 Ms. Sonu Bhasin Public Interest Director 6 6
3 Mr. Mohan Narayan Shenoi Non- Independent Director 6 6
4 Ms. Praveena Rai MD & CEO 6 6
3. Web-link of the website where the Composition of CSR committee, is disclosed https://www.mcxindia.com/about-us
Web
-link of the website where CSR Policy approved by the Board, is disclosed mcx-csr-policy639ab80d-d63e-49b1-
b55e-a0315b1a80bc
.pdf
Web-link of the website where CSR projects approved by the Board is disclosed annual-action-plan-(FY-25-26).pdf
4.  P
rovide the executive summary along with the web-link(s) of Impact assessment of CSR projects carried out in pursuance of sub-
rule (3) of rule 8, if applicable. – N/A
5.
Particulars Amoun t 
(in `)
a) Average net pro/f_it of the Company as per sub-section (5) of section 135: 2,41,76,33,333
b)  Two percent of average net pro/f_it of the Company for last three Financial Years, as per section 
135(5):
4,83,53,000
c) Sur
plus arising out of the CSR projects / programmes or activities of the previous Financial Years: Nil
d) Amoun
t required to be set oﬀ for the Financial Year, if any: Nil
e) Total CSR obligation for the Financial Year (b+c-d): 4,83,53,000
6.
 (a)  Amount spent on CSR projects (both Ongoing project and against other than ongoing projects for the Financial Year  
2025-26: `3,66,02,020/-
 (b) 
Amount spent in Administrative Overheads: `24,17,650/-
 (c) 
Amount spent on Impact Assessment, if applicable: Nil
 (d) 
Total Amount Spent for the FY 2025-26 (a +b + c): `3,90,19,670/-
Annexure - II

--- page 55 ---
76
Statutory Reports
MCX Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
 (e) Details for CSR amount spent or unspent for the Financial Year:
Total Amount 
Spen
t for the 
FY 2025-26. 
(in `)
Amount Unspent (in `)
Total Amount transferred to Unspent 
CSR Account as per section 135(6)
Amount transferred to any fund speci/f_ied under Schedule 
VII as per second proviso to section 135(5)
Amount 
(in `)
Date of 
Transfer
Name of 
the Fund
Amount in 
(in `)
Date of 
transfer
3,90,19,670 93,33,330 April 29, 2026 - - -
 (f ) Excess amount for set oﬀ, if any: N/A
Sr. 
No.
 P articulars Amount 
(in `)
(i) Two percent of average net pro/f_it of the Company as per section 135(5) 4,83,53,000
(ii) Total amount spent for the Financial Year 3,90,19,670
(iii) Excess amount spent for the Financial Year [(ii)-(i)] Nil
(iv) Surplus arising out of the CSR projects / programmes or activities of the previous Financial Years, if any Nil
(v) Amount available for set oﬀ in succeeding Financial Years [(iii)-(iv)] Nil
7. Details of Unspent CSR amount spent for the preceding three Financial Y ears: Yes
Sr. 
No.
P receding 
Financial 
Y ears
Amount 
transferred 
to Unspent 
CSR Account 
under section 
135 (6) 
(in `)
Balance 
Amount in 
unspent CSR 
account under 
sub-section (6) 
of section 135 
(in `)
Amount 
spent in the 
reporting 
Financial Y ear 
(25-26) 
(in `)
Amount transferred to 
any fund speci/f_ied under 
Schedule VII as per 
section 135(6), if any.
Amount 
remaining to 
be spent in 
succeeding 
Financial 
Y ears 
(in `)
De/f_iciency, 
if any
Amount 
(in `)
Date of 
Transfer
1 FY 2024-25 56,78,000 56,78,000 52,28,000 - - 4,50,000 -
2 FY 2023-24 1,67,40,736 1,67,40,736 32,00,000 - - Nil -
3 FY 2022-23 63,03,332 Nil Nil - - Nil -
8.  Whether any capital assets have been created or acquired through Corporate Social Responsibility amount spent in the 
Financial Y
ear: No
Sr 
No.
S hort particulars of the property or 
asset(s) (Including complete address 
and location of the property)
Pin code 
of the 
property 
or asset(s)
Date of 
creation
Amount of 
CSR amount 
spent
Details of entity / Authority / 
bene/f_iciary of the registered owner
CSR registration 
Number
Name Registered 
address
9. Specify the reason(s) if the Company has failed to spend two per cent of the average net pro/f_it as per section 135(5): N/A
Ar
vind Kathpalia
Chairperson of the Corporate Social Responsibility Committee
(DIN: 02630873)
Annexure - II (Contd.)
77
 CSR Committee Chairman’s message:
  
At MCX, CSR is not viewed merely as a statutory obligation but as an integral part of our long-term commitment to inclusive and 
sustainable growth. D
uring FY 2025-26, the Company invested `4.83 crores across focused interventions in rural development, 
education, healthcare, livelihood creation and sports, directly bene/f_iting more than 49,000 individuals. Additionally, through ongoing 
projects that were completed during FY 25-26 we were able to bene/f_it more than 17800 individuals.
 Sustainable Development Goal (SDG) Alignment
Annexure - II (Contd.)

--- page 56 ---
78
Statutory Reports
MCX Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
 Update for FY 2025-26:
  In compliance with Section 135 of the Companies Act, the 
Company has constituted a CSR Committee. The Company 
remains committed to meaningful contribution to societal 
development./uni00A0It aims to deliver impactful support through 
initiatives that addresses key community needs and are 
implemented in collaboration with local stakeholders.
  The CSR strategy is regularly reviewed to ensure alignment 
with the Company’s objective, with regular monitoring 
to assess the eﬀectiveness and outcomes of various 
programs. The Company emphasizes sustainable, inclusive 
growth by focussing on diverse initiatives designed to 
enhance the well-being of communities.
  For the FY 2025-26, a CSR budget of `4.83 crores have been 
allocated. The fund has been allocated across multiple 
initiatives meeting various SDG Goals.
  During the Financial Year 2025-26, MCX has positively 
impacted approx. 67,000 bene/f_iciaries. Assets created 
on various projects, ownership of which belongs to the 
respective organizations / communities / villages.
  MCX has established a robust monitoring and evaluation 
framework, involving regular /f_ield visits, partner reviews, 
and tracking the eﬀectiveness and outcomes of various 
programs which are as follows:
 MODEL VILLAGE DEVELOPMENT
1.  INTEGRATED VILLAGE DEVELOPMENT at Hazaribag, 
Jhark
hand
 (Covers SDG 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 13)
  
The Company launched its Integrated Development 
Project (IDP) initiative in Daru Block, Hazaribag, 
Jharkhand. The three-year integrated development 
project has been designed to transforming rural 
villages covering nearly 950 households (HH) (3750 
individuals), predominantly belonging to Schedule 
Tribe and Scheduled Caste communities. The programme 
adopts a holistic, community-led approach that integrates 
water security, sustainable agriculture, renewable energy, 
health, education and community empowerment.
  During the /f_irst year of implementation, the initiative has 
laid a strong foundation for creating self-reliant villages 
by addressing critical developmental gaps. Investments in 
3 new farm ponds, 2 pond renovation and one check 
dam, and loose bolder structures (LBS) have enhanced 
water availability for agriculture while strengthening 
climate resilience and improving groundwater recharge. 
To improve household nutrition and augment family 
incomes, 60 kitchen gardens  and 35 livestock units 
have been established, enabling families to diversify 
livelihoods and enhance food security. The installation of 
62 solar streetlights has signi/f_icantly improved public 
safety, mobility and access to community spaces while 
promoting the adoption of clean energy solutions.
  The programme has also prioritized human development 
through /f_ive health camps and 20 awareness and 
capacity-building training programmes , improving 
access to preventive healthcare, hygiene awareness and 
community knowledge. Beyond infrastructure creation, 
the initiative has focused on strengthening social 
capital through the formation of Village Development 
Committees and women’s livelihood groups, 
empowering local communities to participate actively in 
planning, implementation and long-term maintenance 
of community assets. The installation of solar-powered 
water systems and interventions for safe drinking 
water and hygiene further reinforce the programme’s 
commitment to improving public health outcomes and 
enhancing the overall quality of life.
Annexure - II (Contd.)
79
  Synopsis of /f_irst year intervention is as below:
 Key intervention of the IDP project is as below:
	 •	
	Entrepr eneurship development and Support-   Training programs were conducted for youth and women in area of 
agriculture and livestock- based, and micro-enterprise development in which 15 women farmers were supported for 
backyard poultry, 10 farmers were supported with goat rearing model, 60 farmers received nutrition garden, and 766 
farmers were trained on improved livestock rearing.
Annexure - II (Contd.)

--- page 57 ---
80
Statutory Reports
MCX Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
	 •	 	 Agriculture and Allied Livelihood Support-  
Farmers were supported through capacity building 
program on improved and sustainable agriculture 
practices, water conservation and irrigation 
management with inputs on better technologies. 
During the year 658 farmers were trained and 
supported with improved agriculture practices, 
inputs on technologies. Total 588 farmers received 
new and cost-eﬀective cropping practices and were 
made aware of good agriculture practices in small 
land parcel.
	 •	 	 Natur al Resource Management and Sustainability 
Through active community participation, the 
programme promoted collective ownership and 
responsibility for conserving natural resources and 
ensuring their sustainable use. As part of the water 
conservation initiative, two existing ponds were 
restored with a combined water storage capacity 
of 35 lakhs litres, while three farm ponds with a 
total capacity of 85 lakhs litre s were constructed. 
Additionally, one anicut was built across a water 
stream to improve water retention and expand 
irrigation coverage to nearly 25 acres of cultivable 
land. These interventions are expected to improve 
groundwater recharge, enhance water availability, 
and support multiple cropping seasons, thereby 
strengthening farmer’s livelihoods. To promote clean 
energy and improve rural infrastructure, 25 farmers 
were supported with solar lift irrigation systems, and 
62 solar streetlights were installed at common and 
remote locations to enhance safety and accessibility.
Solar lift Irrigatiron Anicut (dam)
 Solar lift Irrigatiron Anicut (dam)
	 •	
	Healthcare- In villages, 235 people received medical treatment, and 460 community members attended awareness 
sessions on health issues and preventive care. Safe drinking water was ensured for 94 households through restored hand 
pumps, and 22 households bene/f_itted from the Jal Minar system.
	 •	 	 Promotion of Education-  The Company renovated a higher secondary school (Class 12) bene/f_itting 346 students. 
Improvements created a better learning environment, with emphasis on digital learning tools, delivery of the academic 
syllabus through digital modes, and encouragement of extracurricular activities.
Digwar Smart School Demonstration by Student Digwar Smar t School Demonstration by Student
Annexure - II (Contd.)
81
SKILL BASED LIVELIHOOD
2.  LIVELIHOOD THROUGH SKILL DEVELOPMENT at Pimpri Chinchwad, Pune
 (
Covers SDG 1, 4,8, 5, 9, 10)
  T
he Company has partnered with Lighthouse Communities Foundation (LCF) which supported 600 youth to upgrade their 
skill which enables them to get suitable job. The project aims to identify, counsel, need based skill training and placement of 
the youth. Since start of the project, agency has surveyed Pimpri Chinchwad area to identify deserving youth from the weaker 
section, suburban and slum area. The Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation (PCMC) has provided infra support to LCF and 
MCX has supported the centre to meet their operational expenses.
  The project demonstrated strong employability and placement generation for the marginalised youth in the area. Signi/f_icant 
outcome of the project is its success in facilitating employment, enabling them to access sustainable income opportunities. The 
average monthly salary of the youth trained and placed through LCF is `16,497/-, which highlights the program contribution 
towards improving /f_inancial stability among bene/f_iciaries. Importantly, both male and female candidates have bene/f_ited, 
showcasing inclusive outreach and participation. During the period total 183 youth got placed in diﬀerent sectors with few 
bene/f_iciaries getting `40,000/- per month salary.
Under the Livelihood through skill development project, Employee engagement activity conducted and learning session taken 
on team building at MCX Lighthouse skill centre at Pimpri Chinchwad, Pune, MH
PROMOTION OF EDUCATION
3.1  MODEL SCHOOL DEVELOPMENT at Nere High School Panvel, Raigad, Maharashtra
 (
Covers SDG 3, 4, 6, 5, 10)
  E
very child deserves the opportunity to learn in an environment that nurtures curiosity, dignity and aspiration. A well-designed 
school is far more than a physical structure-it is a catalyst that shapes con/f_idence, encourages regular attendance and enhances 
learning capabilities. Recognizing that quality education begins with quality learning infrastructure, MCX, in partnership with 
Parivartan Foundation, undertook the comprehensive transformation of Nere High School, Panvel, Raigad, into a model 
school. The initiative re/f_lects the Company’s belief that sustainable development is best achieved by creating institutions that 
continue to generate social value long after the project completion.
Annexure - II (Contd.)

--- page 58 ---
82
Statutory Reports
MCX Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
Annexure - II (Contd.)
83
 Synopsis of the intervention is as below:
  
The transformation of Nere H igh School has been designed as a comprehensive infrastructure and learning enhancement 
programme that addresses multiple dimensions of educational development. During the year, 18 classrooms were renovated 
to create safe, vibrant and student-friendly learning spaces that encourage greater classroom participation and improve the 
overall studying experience. Recognizing the growing importance of digital literacy, the project established a fully equipped 
ICT Laboratory with 25 computers and developed 15 Smart Classrooms. Signi/f_icant investments were also made towards 
strengthening sanitation infrastructure through the construction of new toilet and hygiene facilities, fostering improved 
health, dignity and attendance, particularly among girl students. Complementing these interventions, the development of a 
playground has created opportunities for sports, physical /f_itness and holistic personality development, while the installation 
of a solar power system promotes clean energy adoption, enhances energy reliability and demonstrates environmentally 
responsible practices to young learners.
  The initiative has directly bene/f_ited 686 students and 17 teachers , while positively in/f_luencing the educational ecosystem 
for more than 3,000 community members who now have access to a signi/f_icantly improved public institution. By creating a 
modern, safe and technology-enabled learning ecosystem, the initiative is expected to encourage higher enrolment, improve 
student retention, enhance learning experiences and inspire greater community participation in school development. MCX 
reaﬃrms its commitment to building resilient communities by empowering children with access to quality education, modern 
infrastructure and opportunities that prepare them to become con/f_ident, responsible and future-ready citizens, thereby creating 
enduring value for society that extends well beyond the classroom.
3.2 HOLISTIC DEVELOPMENT OF SMART CLASSROOM at Sachana Primary School Jamnagar, Gujarat
 (
Covers SDG 4, 5, 8, 9, 10)
  T
he Company had previously supported this primary school by renovating the school building for enhancing the learning 
experience for 454 children at village Sachana, Dist. Jamnagar, Gujarat. The Company has now provided interactive boards, 
public address system, water puri/f_ier, CCTV to the school.
3.3 VIMUKTI GIRLS SCHOOL at Jaipur, Rajasthan
 (
Covers SDG 4, 5, 8, 9, 10)
  “
When Y ou Educate a Girl, Y ou Educate a Generation” the Company aims to give quality education to girls to help them in 
their academic and personality development. Under the initiative the Company facilitated new Science Lab, Chemistry Lab, 
Composite Lab, furniture and Interactive Board to Vimukti Sanstha Girls School, Jaipur for 860 students. This will enable practical 
experience and enhance knowledge for the underprivileged girl students.
Vimukti Girls School students and the Lab
Anne
xure - II (Contd.)

--- page 59 ---
84
Statutory Reports
MCX Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
HEAL THCARE
4.1 LIFE BEYOND CANCER at Mumbai & PUNE, Maharashtra
 (Covers SDG 3, 10)
  
The Company partnered with “Sanjeevani” to support the 
cancer patients. The program aims towards comprehensive 
cancer care and counselling to enable cancer victors with 
eﬀective coping strategies while working to minimize the 
risk of recurrence. The program is implemented at “Tata 
Memorial Hospital and Research Centre, Kharghar and 
Sassoon Hospital, Pune”. The interventions complement 
conventional medical care by strengthening the immune 
system, supporting emotional health, and enhancing 
quality of life, empowering individuals to lead healthier 
and more ful/f_illed lives after cancer.
  Under the initiative, Can Sahyogi program (Patient 
Assistance Initiative) which aims to assist patient navigate 
through out the treatment protocols process, facilitating 
better and meaningful communication between 
patients and doctors, encourage patients to complete 
the full treatment cycle, assist in arranging /f_inancial 
resources through Govt. schemes and other sources, 
accommodation arrangement, emotional support to 
patients and families, organizing patient centric and fun 
events. The Company aims to support more than 22000 
patients and dependents under this initiative.
CanAhaar being given to a cancer patient
  
Under its second initiative “CanAhaar” , the Company 
provides Nutritional Supplement Bag to the patient. 
Total 255 CanAhaar bags were distributed to the cancer 
patients. The CanAhaar mainly includes Basil seed (Sabja 
seeds), Almonds, Rajgira Ladoo, Raw Peanuts, Roasted 
Channa, Jowar Atta/Sattu etc.
  The Company also supported for ‘CanChetna’ program, 
a mass awareness initiative to reduce stigma and fear 
around cancer. This initiative improved health outcomes 
and bene/f_itted 923 participants.
4.2  CANCER SURGICAL EQUIPMENT SUPPORT at 
Ahilyanagar
, Maharashtra
 (Covers SDG 1, 3, 9, 10, 17)
  
At Ahilyanagar, Maharashtra, the Company has partnered 
with the Dr. Mane Medical Foundation & Research Centre 
to procure advanced surgical equipment for the ‘Saidham 
Charitable Hospital’ . The hospital provides comprehensive 
cancer care and critical surgeries to underprivileged 
patients at no cost or highly subsidized rates.
  The equipment funded by MCX enhances the hospital’s 
capacity to perform procedures with improved precision 
and eﬃciency. This intervention is particularly signi/f_icant 
as it enables the hospital to oﬀer aﬀordable treatment for 
complex conditions like cervical and breast cancer, which 
are prevalent in the rural population. The project will 
bene/f_it 900+ patients across underprivileged and tribal 
community.
Equipments installed at Saidham Charitable Hospital
4.3 DRISTI 
VAHAN at Saran, Bihar
 (Covers SDG 3, 1, 4, 10,17)
  T
his initiative is to ensure that the total visually impaired 
and the blind population gets covered for holistic eye care, 
it is signi/f_icant to have wide range of operations providing 
refractive services to the rural population right at their 
doorsteps. The Refractive Vans or Vision Vans can be an 
ideal solution to the issues of infrastructure and people’s 
negligence towards their eye issues.
Annexure - II (Contd.)
85
  In order to address the issues, the Company provided 
a fully equipped “Ey
e Care Refractive Van” to treat the 
rural community in Bihar with help of “Yugrishi Shriram 
Sharma Acharya Charitable Trust” which cater to more 
than 20,000 eye examination every year.
Flagging oﬀ the Drishti- Refractive Van
  
Under the program, the Eye Care Refractive Van with a 
doctor and his team go to rural area as per route plan and 
camps for testing, create awareness, distribute spectacles /  
glasses and refer the patient to the hospital for further 
treatment free of cost. Sometimes, the Van also carries 
patients with them from their homes to the hospital for 
treatment.
SPORTS PROMOTION
5. OLYMPIC GOLD QUEST, Pan India Level
 (
Covers SDG 3, 5, 8, 10)
  T
he Company has partnered with the ‘Foundation for 
Promotion of Sports & Games’ (Olympic Gold Quest - OGQ 
Program) to support training of 39 shooting athletes 
participating in national, Olympic and Paralympic sports. 
Through this initiative, athletes received coaching, 
physiotherapy, nutrition guidance, medical support and 
sports kits.
Annexure - II (Contd.)

--- page 60 ---
86
Statutory Reports
MCX Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
A.  DISCLOSURE PURSUANT TO SECTION 197/parenleft.cap12/parenright.cap OF THE COMPANIES ACT, 2013 READ WITH RULE 5/parenleft.cap1/parenright.cap OF THE 
COMPANIES /parenleft.capAPPOINTMENT AND REMUNERATION OF MANAGERIAL PERSONNEL/parenright.cap RULES 2014:
Sr. 
No.
Requir ements Disclosure
I The ratio of the remuneration of each Director to the median 
remuneration of the employees of the Company for the Financial 
Year 2025-2026*
Managing Director – 25.74
II The percentage increase in remuneration of each Director, 
Manag
ing Director, Chief Executive Oﬃcer, Chief Financial Oﬃcer, 
Company Secretary or Manager, if any, in the Financial Year 2025-
26
Managing Director – NA**
Company Secretary – 31.29%
Chief Financial Oﬃcer – NA***
III The percentage increase in the median remuneration of 
employees in the Financial Year 2025-26
The median remuneration of the employees in the 
Financial Year increased by 17.04%. The calculation of 
% increase in Median Remuneration is done based on 
comparable employees
IV The number of permanent employees on the rolls of company There were 468 employees as on March 31, 2026. **
V Average percentile increase already made in the salaries of 
employees other than the managerial personnel in the last 
Financial Year and its comparison with the percentile increase in 
the managerial remuneration and justi/f_ication thereof and point 
out if there are any exceptional circumstances for increase in the 
managerial remuneration
The average percentile increase for the employees 
has been 30.54% as against 28.36% for the managerial 
personnel in the last Financial Year. There were no 
exceptional circumstances for increase in managerial 
remuneration.
VI Aﬃrmation that the remuneration is as per the remuneration 
policy of the Company
Aﬃrmed that the remuneration is as per the 
remuneration policy of the Company.
 * All other Directors were paid only sitting fees. Please refer Point C.
 ** The employee count includes only employees and excludes 10 Management trainees.
 ***Not comparable since employed for part of the last FY 2024-25.
  # KMPs under the Companies Act, 2013 as well as under Securities Contracts (Regulation) (Stock Exchanges and Clearing 
Corporations) Regulations, 2018 (‘SECC Regulations, 2018’) are considered as managerial personnel.
B.  DISCLOSURE AS PER REGULATION 27/parenleft.cap5/parenright.cap & /parenleft.cap6/parenright.cap OF THE SECURITIES CONTRACTS /parenleft.capREGULATION/parenright.cap /parenleft.capSTOCK 
EXCHANGES  AND
 CLEARING CORPORATIONS/parenright.cap REGULATIONS, 2018 FOR THE PERIOD FROM APRIL 01, 
2025 TO MARCH 31, 2026.
Sr. 
No.
Name of the emplo yee Designation of the employee Compensation 
(amount in `)
Ratio of the 
compensation of Key 
Management Personnel 
to median compensation
1 Ms. Praveena Rai Managing Director and Chief Executive 
Oﬃcer
4,11,83,746 25.74
2 M r
. Manoj Jain Chief Compliance Oﬃcer 1,25,76,668 7.86
3 M r
. Rishi Nathany Chief Business Oﬃcer 1,89,18,738 11.82
4 Mr
. DG Praveen Chief Risk Oﬃcer 1,44,97,617 9.06
5 Mr
. Sunil Batra Chief Technology Oﬃcer 2,07,35,237 12.96
6 M r
. Sougat Ghosh Chief Information Security Oﬃcer and Data 
Protection Oﬃcer
1,30,24,000 8.14
7 Mr
. Chandresh Shah Chief Financial Oﬃcer 1,20,82,349 7.55
8 Ms. M
anisha Thakur Company Secretary and Compliance Oﬃcer 77,86,736 4.87
9 M r
. Mithun Manjnath Nayak Deputy Chief Technology Oﬃcer 97,09,460 6.07
ANNEXURE - III
87
ANNEXURE - III (Contd.)
Sr. 
No.
Name of the emplo yee Designation of the employee Compensation 
(amount in `)
Ratio of the 
compensation of Key 
Management Personnel 
to median compensation
10 Mr. Shivanshu Mehta Head of Department- Bullion 1,55,81,866 9.74
11 Ms . Ruchi Shuk
la Head of Department - Energy 75,23,158 4.70
12 Mr
. Chittaranjan Rege Head of Department – Base Metals 1,35,28,315 8.46
13 Ms. R
ashmi Nihalani Head of Department - Strategy and 
Research
83,72,767 5.23
14 Mr
. Himanshu Ashar Head of Department- Market Operations 1,23,72,589 7.73
15 Mr
. Pravin Gade Functional Head - Networking 81,62,390 5.10
16 Mr. 
Radheshyam Yadav Functional Head- Systems 88,14,263 5.51
17 M r
. Kaushal Ashok Mehta Head of Department – Legal 67,97,835 4.25
18 M r
. Armaan Gaus Head of Department – Surveillance and 
Investigation
63,26,764 3.95
19 Mr
. Shailendra Aggarwal DR Site In-charge 72,91,086 4.56
20 Ms. K
avita Shrivastav1 Chief Human Resources Oﬃcer 81,34,542 5.08
21 Ms. K
irtida Nagda2 Head of Department - Membership 23,33,333 1.46
22 Mr
. Baiju Budhwani3 Head of Department- Inspection and 
Enforcement
44,72,442 2.80
23 Mr
. Sunny Singh4 Chief of Staﬀ 13,00,893 0.81
24 Mr
. Naresh Bhuta5 Deputy Chief Financial Oﬃcer 22,40,543 1.40
25 M r
. Sambit Patnaik6 Vice President - Data and Insights Business 21,37,883 1.34
26 Dr. N. R
ajendran7 Chief Digital Oﬃcer 23,40,599 1.46
27 Mr
. Abhishek Govilkar8 Head of Department - Agri 14,28,449 0.89
28 Ms. K
avita Ravichandran9 Chief Regulatory Oﬃcer 59,02,763 3.69
 1  Appoint ed as Chief Human Resources Oﬃcer w.e.f. September 15, 2025
 2 Appoint
ed as Head of Department - Membership w.e.f. September 11, 2025
 3 Appoint
ed as Head of Department- Inspection and Enforcement w.e.f. September 15, 2025
 4 Appoint
ed as Chief of Staﬀ w.e.f. February 10, 2026
 5  Ceased to be Key Managerial Personnel w.e.f. June 01, 2025
 6 Ceased to be Key Managerial Personnel w.e.f. June 01, 2025
 7  Ceased to be Chief Digital Oﬃcer w.e.f. April 07, 2025
 8 Ceased to be Head of Department - Agri w.e.f. July 08, 2025
 9 Ceased to be Chief Regulatory Oﬃcer w.e.f. December 09, 2025
	 •	 	T
he Compensation for the KMP’s is the total remuneration for the time that they were part of the organization / from the 
time they became KMP’s.
	•   Total remuneration considered for the purpose of calculating ratios is inclusive of the total variable pay pertaining to  
F.Y. 2024-25 which is due to them for the year. 50% of the total amount is paid during the year 25- 26 (May 2025) and the 
remaining 50% of Variable Pay will be paid/ on deferred basis after 3 years (May 2028) as per SECC guidelines.

--- page 61 ---
88
Statutory Reports
MCX Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
C.  RATIO OF THE REMUNERATION OF EACH DIRECTOR TO THE MEDIAN REMUNERATION OF ALL THE 
EMPLOYEES OF YOUR COMPANY FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR 2025/hyphen.cap26 IS AS FOLLOWS:
Sr. 
No.
Name of D irector# Ratio of 
Remuneration of 
Director to median 
remuneration
%increase/ 
(decrease) in 
remuneration in 
the Financial Y ear
1. Dr. Harsh Kumar Bhanwala (Chairman and Non-Executive Independent 
Director)
3.80  0%
2. Mr. Chandra Shekhar Verma (Non-Executive Independent Director) 3.52 0.90%
3. Mr. Ashutosh Vaidya (Non- Executive Independent Director) 3.69 (2.48%)
4. Ms. Sonu Bhasin (Non- Executive Independent Director) 4.13 6.45%
5. Dr. Navrang Saini (Non- Executive Independent Director) 3.42 16.49%
6. Mr. Arvind Kathpalia (Non- Executive Non- Independent Director) 3.55 15.23%
7. Mr. Mohan Shenoi (Non- Executive Non-Independent Director) 3.78 11.01%
  # The ratio of remuneration is calculated after considering sitting fees for attending the Board and Committee meetings during 
FY2025-2026.
For and on behalf of the Board of Directors
Praveena Rai Harsh Kumar Bhan wala
MD & CEO Chairman & Public Interest Director
(DIN: 09474203) (DIN: 06417704)
Mumbai Mumbai
A
ugust 04, 2026 August 04, 2026
ANNEXURE - III (Contd.)
89
DISCLOSURE PURSUANT TO SECTION 197/parenleft.cap12/parenright.cap OF THE COMPANIES ACT, 2013 READ WITH RULE 5/parenleft.cap2/parenright.cap OF THE 
COMP
ANIES /parenleft.capAPPOINTMENT AND REMUNERATION OF MANAGERIAL PERSONNEL/parenright.cap RULES 2014 AND THE 
SECURITIES CONTRACTS /parenleft.capREGULATION/parenright.cap /parenleft.capSTOCK EXCHANGES AND CLEARING CORPORATIONS/parenright.cap REGULATIONS, 
2018 FOR THE PERIOD FROM APRIL 01, 2025 TO MARCH 31, 2026:
Sr. 
No.
Name of the 
employee
Age Quali/f_ication of the 
employee
Designation of 
the employee
Total 
Remuneration 
(in `)
Approx. 
Experience 
(in years)
Date of 
Commencement 
of employment
Last Employment
(Yrs.)
Employed throughout the Financial Y ear
1 Ms. Praveena Rai 56 Post Graduate Diploma in 
Management, Bachelor’s of 
Engineering.
Managing 
Direct
or and Chief 
Executive Oﬃcer
4,11,83,746 34 October 31, 2024 Chief Operating Oﬃcer - National 
Payments Corporation of India
2 Mr. Manoj Jain 53 Masters of Business 
Administra
tion, Bachelors of 
Technology
Chief Operating 
Oﬃcer
1,25,76,668 28 November 01, 
2021
Deputy Vice President – Axis Bank
3 Mr. Rishi 
Nathany
52 Post Graduate Program in 
Management , Bachelor
’s 
degree in Commerce
Chief Business 
Oﬃcer
1,89,18,738 29 July 02, 2018 Chief - Financial Segment, 
National Commodit
y & Derivatives 
Exchange Limited
4 Mr. DG Praveen 49 Chartered Financial 
Analyst
, Masters of Business 
Administration, Master’s 
Degree in Arts
Chief Risk Oﬃcer 1,44,97,617 26 July 15, 2004 Faculty Team Leader, ICFAI 
University
5
Mr. Sunil Batra 49 Bachelors of Engineering Chief Technology 
Oﬃcer
2,07,35,237 28 April 26, 2024 Executive Vice President & Chief 
Technology Oﬃcer - National 
Securities Depository Limited.
6 Mr. Sougat 
Ghosh
49 Post Graduate Certi/f_icate 
Program in Management, 
Bachelors of Engineering
Chief Information 
Securit
y Oﬃcer 
and Data 
Protection Oﬃcer
1,30,24,000 26 March 03, 2025 Vice President – Nomura Services
7 Mr. Chandresh 
Shah
51 Chartered Accountant, 
Bachelors Degr
ee in 
Commerce
Chief Financial 
Oﬃcer
1,20,82,349 28 April 18, 2024 Vice President & Chief Financial 
Oﬃcer - National Securities 
Depository Limited.
8 Ms. Manisha 
Thakur
58 Company Secretary, Bachelors 
Degr
ee in law, Bachelors 
Degree in Commerce
Company 
Secretar
y and 
Compliance Oﬃcer
77,86,736 29 February 14, 2022 Head – Legal and Company 
Secretary – Metropolitan Stock 
Exchange of India Ltd.
9 Mr. Mithun 
Manjnath Nayak
47 Post Graduate Diploma in 
Business Administra
tion 
– Finance, Bachelor of 
Engineering - Electronics
Deputy Chief 
Technology Oﬃc
er
97,09,460 25 December 01, 
2023
Vice President – Engineering – 
Indian Energy Exchange
10 Mr. Shivanshu 
Mehta
50 Post Graduate Diploma in 
Business Management , 
Bachelors of Eng
ineering
Head of 
Departmen
t- 
Bullion
1,55,81,866 27 March 01, 2007 Assistant Vice President - Metal, 
National Commodit
y & Derivatives 
Exchange Limited
11 Ms. Ruchi Shukla 47 Chartered Accountant, 
Diploma in Infor
mation 
Systems Auditor, Post 
Graduate Diploma in 
Securities Law, Executive 
Program in Advanced 
Business Analytics
Head of 
Departmen
t - 
Energy
75,23,158 22 August 29, 2016 Independent Practising Chartered 
Acc
ountant
12 Mr. Chittaranjan 
Rege
53 Masters of Business 
Administra
tion, Bachelors of 
Business Administration
Head of 
Departmen
t – Base 
Metals
1,35,28,315 30 December 01, 
2006
Manager - Hindalc o Industries Ltd.
13 Ms. Rashmi 
Nihalani
51 Post Graduate Diploma in 
Mass Communica
tions, BA in 
Economics and Statistics
Head of 
Departmen
t 
-  Strategy and 
Research
83,72,767 28 May 20, 2004 Deputy Editor – Minerals and 
Metal V
iew, Asian Industries and 
Information Services
ANNEXURE - IV

--- page 62 ---
90
Statutory Reports
MCX Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
Sr. 
No.
Name of the 
employee
Age Quali/f_ication of the 
employee
Designation of 
the employee
Total 
Remuneration 
(in `)
Approx. 
Experience 
(in years)
Date of 
Commencement 
of employment
Last Employment
(Yrs.)
14 Mr. Himanshu 
Ashar
54 Chartered Financial Analyst, 
Bachelor’s degree in 
Commerce
Head of 
Departmen
t- 
Market Operations
1,23,72,589 31 December 15, 
2014
Vice President – Market 
Operations, Metropolitan Stock 
Exchange of India Ltd.
15 Mr. Pravin Gade 51 Bachelor’s Degree 
in Electronics & 
T
elecommunication
Functional Head - 
Networ
king
81,62,390 28 October 01, 2015 Assistant Vice President, Financial 
Technology India Limit
ed
16 Mr. Radheshyam  
Yada
v
53 Bachelor’s Degree in Science Functional Head- 
Syst
ems
88,14,263 26 October 01, 2015 Assistant Vice President, Indian 
Energy Exchange
17
Mr. Kaushal 
Ashok Meh
ta
43 Post Graduate Diploma 
in Business and Company 
La
w, Bachelors Degree in 
Law, Bachelors Degree in 
Commerce
Head of 
Departmen
t – 
Legal
67,97,835 23 November 20, 
2017
Assistant Vice President – Legal 
and Compliance , Religare 
Securities Limited
18 Mr. Armaan 
Gaus
49 Masters of Financial 
Management
, Bachelors of 
Commerce
Head of 
Departmen
t – 
Surveillance and 
Investigation
63,26,764 23 June 04, 2003 NA
19 Mr. Shailendra 
Aggarwal
51 Bachelors of Engineering DR Site In-charge 72,91,086 28 May 23, 2024 Associate Vice President – National 
Stock Ex
change.
Employed for part of the Financial Y ear
Sr. 
No.
Name of the 
employee
Age Quali/f_ication of the 
employee
Designation of 
the employee
Total 
Remuneration 
(in `)
Approx. 
Experience 
(in years)
Date of 
Commencement 
of employment
Last Employment
1 Dr. N. 
Rajendran
57 Phd in Computer Science, 
Masters of C
omputer 
Applications, Bachelors of 
Science
Chief Digital 
Oﬃcer
23,40,599 25 November 03, 
2021
Chief Executive Oﬃcer - 
Indian Financial Technology 
and Allied Services
2 Mr. Abhishek 
Suresh 
Govilkar
48 Masters of Business 
Administration – Agri 
business, Bachelor of Science 
– Agriculture, Diploma in 
Marketing Management
Head of 
Departmen
t 
- Agri
14,28,449 21 June 21, 2023 Central Sales and 
Operational Planner – 
Deepak Fertilizers and 
Petrochemicals Limited.
3 Ms. Kavita 
Ravichandran
44 Chartered Accountant, 
Bachelors Degree in 
Commerce
Chief 
Regulat
ory 
Oﬃcer
59,02,763 21 November 10, 
2023
Senior Vice President - 
Compliance BOB Capital 
Markets Ltd. 
4 Mr. Naresh 
Bhuta
39 Chartered Accountant, 
Bachelors Degr
ee in 
Commerce
Deputy Chief 
Financial 
Oﬃc
er
22,40,543 19 November 01, 
2023
Chief Financial Oﬃcer – 
Invent Assets Securitization 
& Reconstruction Private 
Limited
5 Mr. Sambit 
Patnaik
51 Post Graduate Diploma in 
Management
, Bachelor’s 
Degree in Science
Vice President- 
Data and 
Insigh
ts 
Business
21,37,883 26 March 01, 2021 Senior Vice President – 
Marketing and Business 
D
evelopment, TickerPlant 
Limited
6 Ms. Kirtida 
Nagda
45 Chartered Accountant, 
Masters Degree in Commerce, 
Bachelors Degree in 
Commerce
Head of 
Departmen
t - 
Membership
23,33,333 20 September 11, 
2025
Vice P resident, Kotak 
Mahindra Bank
ANNEXURE - IV (Contd.)
91
Employed for part of the Financial Y ear
Sr. 
No.
Name of the 
employee
Age Quali/f_ication of the 
employee
Designation of 
the employee
Total 
Remuneration 
(in `)
Approx. 
Experience 
(in years)
Date of 
Commencement 
of employment
Last Employment
7 Mr. Baiju 
Budhwani
48 Masters in Management 
Studies,  Bachelors D
egree 
in Law, Diploma in Business 
Management, Bachelors 
Degree in Commerce
Head of 
Departmen
t- 
Inspection and 
Enforcement
44,72,442 24 September 15, 
2025
Vice P resident - Axis 
Securities Ltd. 
8 Ms. Kavita 
Shrivastav
47 Post Graduate Diploma in 
Business  Administra
tion, 
Bachelor’s of Commerce
Chief Human 
Resourc
es 
Oﬃcer
81,34,542 23 September 15, 
2025
Direct or - Human Resources, 
Hitachi Payments Services
9 Mr. Sunny 
Singh
38 Post Graduate Diploma in 
Computer A
ided Management, 
Bachelors of Engineering
Chief of Staﬀ 13,00,893 15 February 10, 2026 AVP - Head Wealth - 
MobiKwik
Notes: 
1.  The above list also includes Key Management Personnel as stipulated under Regulation 27(5) of the Securities Contracts 
(Regulation) (Stock Exchanges and Clearing Corporations) Regulations, 2018 (‘SECC Regulations, 2018’). 
2.  Total Remuneration includes salary, variable pay, reimbursement, taxable value of perquisites & excludes gratuity for the year 
2025-26.
3.  All employees mentioned above are in permanent employment of the Company, governed by employment terms & service 
rules. However, in terms of the provisions of the SECC Regulations, 2018, the tenure of KMPs is decided by the Nomination and 
Remuneration Committee and the Board of Directors, which can be suitably extended.
4.  None of the above employee is a relative of any Director of the Company within the meaning of relative under the Companies 
Act, 2013.
5.  None of the above employee was drawing salary in excess of that drawn by Managing Director / Whole Time Director.
6.  As of March 31, 2026, none of the above employee, by himself/herself or along with his/her spouse and dependent children, held 
2% or more of the equity shares in the Company as referred to in sub-clause(iii) of Rule 5(2) of Companies (Appointment and 
Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014.
7.  As of March 31, 2026, none of the employees of the Company are posted and working in a country outside India.  
8.  Total remuneration considered for the purpose of calculating ratios is inclusive of the total variable pay pertaining to F.Y. 2024-25 
which is due to them for the year. 50% of the total amount is paid during the year 25- 26 (May 2025) and the remaining 50% of 
Variable Pay will be paid/ on deferred basis after 3 years (May 2028) as per SECC guidelines.
For and on behalf of the Board of Directors
Praveena Rai Harsh Kumar Bhan wala
MD & CEO Chairman & Public Interest Director
(DIN: 09474203) (DIN: 06417704)
Mumbai Mumbai
August 04, 2026 A
ugust 04, 2026
ANNEXURE - IV (Contd.)

--- page 63 ---
92
Statutory Reports
MCX Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
FORM NO. MR.3
SECRETARIAL AUDIT REPORT
For the Financial Y ear Ended March 31, 2026
[Pursuant to section 204(1) of the Companies Act, 2013 and rule 9 of the Companies  
(Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014]
ANNEXURE - V
To,
The M
embers,
The Multi Commodity Exchange of India Limited
Address: Exchange Square, Chakala,
Suren Road, Andheri (East), Mumbai - 400093.
We have conducted the secretarial audit of the compliance 
of applicable statutory provisions and the adherence to good 
corporate practices by M/s. Multi Commodity Exchange of India 
Limited (hereinafter called the “Company or Exchange or MCX”). 
Secretarial Audit was conducted in a manner that provided us a 
reasonable basis for evaluating the corporate conducts/statutory 
compliances and expressing our opinion thereon.
AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITY:
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on compliance 
with the applicable la w
s and maintenance of records based 
on the audit. We have conducted the audit in accordance with 
the applicable Auditing Standards issued by the Institute of 
Company Secretaries of India. The Auditing Standards require 
that the Auditor shall comply with statutory and regulatory 
requirements and plan and perform the audit to obtain 
reasonable assurance about compliance with applicable laws 
and maintenance of records.
Due to the inherent limitations of audit including internal, 
/f_inancial and operating controls, there is an unavoidable risk 
that some misstatements or material non-compliances may not 
be detected, even though the audit is properly planned and 
performed in accordance with the Standards.
UNMODIFIED OPINION:
Based on our veri/f_ication of the Company’s books, papers, 
minute 
books, forms and returns /f_iled and other records 
maintained by the Company and also the information 
provided by the Company, its oﬃcers, agents and authorized 
representatives during the conduct of the secretarial audit, we 
hereby report that in our opinion, the Company has, during the 
audit period covering the Financial Year ended on March 31, 
2026 (‘Audit Period’) complied with the statutory provisions 
listed hereunder and also that the Company has proper Board-
processes and compliance-mechanism in place to the extent, 
in the manner and subject to the reporting made hereinafter.
We have examined the books, papers, minute books, forms and 
returns /f_iled and other records maintained by the Company for 
the Financial Year ended on March 31, 2026, according to the 
provisions of:
(i)  The Companies Act, 2013 (‘the Act ’) and the rules made 
thereunder;
(ii)  The Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act, 1956 (‘ SCRA’ ) 
and the rules made thereunder;
(iii)  The Depositories Act, 1996, and the Regulations and Bye-
laws fr
amed thereunder;
(iv)  Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 and the rules 
and regula tions made ther
e under to the extent of 
Overseas Direct Investment w.r.t. Investment made in 
IFSC Company (Foreign Direct Investment and External 
Commercial Borrowings are not applicable to the 
Company during the audit period)
(v)  The following Regulations and Guidelines prescribed 
under the Securities and Ex
change Board of India Act, 
1992 (‘SEBI Act’):
 (a)  The Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Substantial A
cquisition of Shares and Takeovers) 
Regulations, 2011 (‘SEBI (SAST) Regulations, 
2011’);
 (b)  The Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations, 2015 
(‘SEBI (PIT) Regulations, 2015’);
 (c)  Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue of 
Capital and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2018 (Not applicable to the Company during the 
audit period);
 (d)  The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Share 
Based Employee Bene/f_its and Sweat Equity) 
Regulations, 2021;
 (e)  The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue and 
Listing of Non-Convertible Securities) Regulations, 
2021 (Not applicable to the Company during the 
audit period);
 (f )  The Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Registrars to an Issue and Share Transfer Agents) 
Regulations, 1993 regarding the Companies Act and 
dealing with client;
 (g)  The Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Depositories and Participants) Regulations, 2018;
 (h)  The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Delisting 
of Equity Shares) Regulations, 2021 (Not applicable 
to the Company during the audit period), and
93
ANNEXURE - V (Contd.)
 (i) 
 The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Buyback 
of Securities) R
egulations, 2018 (Not applicable to 
the Company during the audit period)
 (vi)  We further report that, having regard to the 
compliance sy
stems prevailing in the Company, and 
based on examination of the relevant documents 
and records on a test-check basis, as well as the 
representations made by the Company and its 
oﬃcers, it is observed that the Company has generally 
complied with the regulations of the following laws 
speci/f_ically applicable to the Company:
		• 	 	 The Securities Contracts (Regulation) (Stock 
Exchanges and Clear
ing Corporations) 
Regulations, 2018 (‘SECC Regulations, 2018’)
   We have also examined compliance with the 
applicable clauses of the following:
  (i) 
 Secretarial Standards issued by the Institute of 
Company S
ecretaries of India.
  (ii)  The SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requiremen
ts) Regulations, 2015
   During the period under review, the Company has 
complied with the provisions of the Act, Rules, Regulations, 
Guidelines, Standards, etc. mentioned above.
  We further report that:
   The Board of Directors of the Company is duly 
constituted with the proper balance of Executive 
Directors, Non-Executive Directors and Independent 
Directors. The changes in the composition of the 
Board of Directors that took place during the period 
under review were carried out in compliance with 
the provisions of the Act.
   Except in case of meetings convened at shorter 
notice, adequate notice is given to all directors to 
schedule the Board Meetings and agenda items are 
generally sent at least seven days in advance and 
a system exists for seeking and obtaining further 
information and clari/f_ications on the agenda items 
before the meeting and for meaningful participation 
at the meeting.
   All decisions at Board Meetings and Committee 
Meetings are carried out either unanimously or 
majority while the dissenting members’ views 
are captured and recorded in the minutes of the 
meetings of the Board of Directors or Committee of 
the Board, as the case may be.
   We further report that there ar e adequate systems 
and processes in the company commensurate with 
the size and operations of the company to monitor 
and ensure compliance with applicable laws, rules, 
regulations and guidelines.
   We further report that, during the audit per iod , 
MCX deposited an amount of `1,00,00,000/- (Rupees 
One Crore Only) into the “MCX Investor Protection 
Fund” as a /f_inancial disincentive in connection with a 
technical glitch. Further, its wholly owned subsidiary, 
Multi Commodity Exchange Clearing Corporation 
Limited (“MCXCCL ”) deposited `50,00,000/- (Rupees 
Fifty Lakhs Only) into the “Core Settlement Guarantee 
Fund of MCXCCL ” as a /f_inancial disincentive in relation 
to another technical glitch.
   We further report that during the audit period, 
SEBI issued various advisory, de/f_iciency, and warning 
letters to the Company, advising corrective actions 
regarding operations, technology, and compliance 
matters. No /f_ines or penalties were imposed on the 
Company in connection with these letters. Therefore, 
these instances are not covered in this report.
   We further report that  during the audit period, 
the Company obtained the approval of the 
shareholders by way of a Special Resolution passed 
at the 23 rd Annual General Meeting (“23rd AGM”) 
held on September 12, 2025, for the sub-division 
(stock split) of every 1 (One) equity share having 
a face value of `10/- (Rupees Ten only) each, fully 
paid-up, into 5 (Five) equity shares having a face 
value of `2/- (Rupees Two only) each, fully paid-up. 
The shareholders also approved the consequent 
alteration of the Capital Clause of the Memorandum 
of Association of the Company to give eﬀect to the 
aforesaid sub-division of equity shares.
For AVS & Associates
Company Secretaries
SD/-
Vijay Yadav
Partner
Memb
ership No. F11990
C.P . No: 16806
Peer Review No: 1451/2021
UDIN: F011990H001018842
Place: Navi Mumbai
Date: August 04, 2026
This report is to be read with our letter of even date which is 
annexed as ‘Annexure - A’ and forms an integral part of this 
report.

--- page 64 ---
94
Statutory Reports
MCX Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
To,
The Members,
The Multi Commodity Exchange of India Limited,
Address: Exchange Square, Chakala,
Suren Road, Andheri (East), Mumbai - 400093.
Our report of even date is to be read along with this letter.
1.  
Maintenance of secretarial and other records under applicable laws is the responsibility of the management of the Company. 
Our responsibility is to issue a Secretarial Audit Report, based on the audit of the relevant records maintained and furnished to 
us by the Company, along with explanations where so required.
2.  We have followed the audit practices and processes as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about the correctness 
of the contents of the secretarial records. The veri/f_ication was done on test check basis to ensure that correct facts are re/f_lected 
in secretarial records. We believe that the processes and practices, we followed provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
3. We have not veri/f_ied the correctness and appropriateness of /f_inancial records and Books of Accounts of the Company.
4.  Wherever required, we have obtained the management representation about the compliance of laws, rules and regulations and 
major events during the audit period and in a few instances, procedural delay, not material, has been noticed for the /f_iling of 
forms with the ROC.
5.  The compliance of the provisions of Corporate and other applicable laws, rules, regulations and standards is the responsibility of 
Management. Our examination was limited to the veri/f_ication of procedures on a test-check basis for the purpose of issue of the 
Secretarial Audit Report.
6.  The Secretarial Audit report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor of the eﬃciency or eﬀectiveness 
with which the Management has conducted the aﬀairs of the Company.
For AVS & Associates
Company Secretaries
SD/-
Vijay Yadav
Partner
Memb
ership No. F11990
C.P . No: 16806
Peer Review No: 1451/2021
UDIN:/uni00A0F011990H001018842
Place: Navi Mumbai
Date: August 04, 2026
‘Annexure - A’
95
SECRETARIAL AUDIT REPORT
FOR 
THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2026
[Pursuant to section 204(1) of the Companies Act, 2013 and rule No.9 of the Companies  
(A
ppointment and Remuneration Personnel) Rules, 2014]
ANNEXURE - V
To,
The Members
,
MUL TI COMMODITY EXCHANGE CLEARING CORPORATION 
LIMITED
(CIN - U74999MH2008PLC185349)
Exchange Square, CTS 255, Suren Road,
Andheri (East), Mumbai-400093
We have conducted the secretarial audit of the compliance 
of applicable statutory provisions and the adherence 
to good corporate practices by MUL TI COMMODITY 
EXCHANGE CLEARING CORPORATION LIMITED  
(CIN - U74999MH2008PLC185349)  (hereinafter called “the 
company”). Secretarial Audit was conducted in a manner that 
provided us a reasonable basis for evaluating the corporate 
conducts/statutory compliances and expressing our opinion 
thereon.
Based on our veri/f_ication of the company’s books, papers, 
minute books, forms and returns /f_iled and other records 
maintained by the company and also the information 
provided by the Company, its oﬃcers, agents and authorised 
representatives during the conduct of secretarial audit, We 
hereby report that in our opinion, the Company has, during the 
audit period covering the Financial Year ended on March 31, 
2026 complied with the statutory provisions listed hereunder 
and also that the Company has proper Board-processes and 
compliance-mechanism in place to the extent, in the manner 
and subject to the reporting made hereinafter.
We have examined the books, papers, minute books, forms and 
returns /f_iled and other records maintained by the Company 
through electronic mode for the Financial Year ended on March 
31, 2026 according to the provisions of:
(i)  The Companies Act, 2013 (the Act) and the rules made 
there under;
(ii)  The Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act, 1956 (‘SCRA’) 
and the rules made thereunder;
(iii)  The Depositories Act, 1996 and the Regulations and Bye-
laws framed there under;
(iv)  Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 and the rules 
and regulations made thereunder to the extent of Foreign 
Direct Investment, Overseas Direct Investment and 
External Commercial Borrowings (Not Applicable to the 
Company during the Audit Period);
(v)  The following Regulations and Guidelines prescribed 
under the Securities and Exchange Board of India Act, 
1992 (‘SEBI Act’) to the extent applicable: -
 (a)  The Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Substantial Acquisition of Shares and Takeovers) 
Regulations, 2011 (Not Applicable to the Company 
during audit period)
 (b)  The Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations, 2015;
 (c)  The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue of 
Capital and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2009 (Not Applicable to the Company during audit 
period)
 (d)  The Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Employee Stock Option Scheme and Employee 
Stock Purchase Scheme) Guidelines, 1999 (Not 
Applicable to the Company during audit period)
 (e)  The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Share 
Based Employee Bene/f_its and Sweat Equity) 
Regulations, 2021 (Not Applicable to the Company 
during audit period)
 (f )  The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue and 
Listing of Non-Convertible Securities) Regulations, 
2021 (Not Applicable to the Company during audit 
period)
 (g)  The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue 
and Listing of Debt Securities) Regulations, 2015;  
(Not Applicable to the Company during audit period)
 (h)  The Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Registrars to Issue and Share Transfer Agents) 
Regulations, 1993 regarding the Companies Act and 
dealing with client
 (i)  The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Delisting 
of Equity Shares) Regulations, 2009; (Not Applicable 
to the Company during audit period) and
 (j)  The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Buyback 
of Securities) Regulations, 2018 (Not Applicable to the 
Company during audit period);
 (k)  The Securities Contracts (Regulation) (Stock 
Exchanges and Clearing Corporations) Regulations, 
2018.

--- page 65 ---
96
Statutory Reports
MCX Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
We have also examined compliance with the applicable clauses 
of the following:
(i)  Secretarial Standards issued by The Institute of Company 
Secretaries of India;
(ii)  The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure requirements) Regulations, 
2015 (‘Listing Regulation’) to the extent as referred in 
Regulation 33 of Securities Contracts (Regulation) (Stock 
Exchanges and Clearing Corporations) Regulations, 2018 
(‘SECC Regulations, 2018’).
(iii)  Compliances as per the SEBI Letter no. SEBI/HO/MRD2/
MRD2_DDAP/P/OW/2022/24624/1 dated June 15, 2022
During the period under review the Company has complied 
with the provisions of the Act, Rules, Regulations, Guidelines, 
Standards, etc. as mentioned above.
We further report that –
The Board of Directors of the Company is duly constituted with 
Executive Directors, Non- Independent Directors and Public 
Interest Directors (Independent Director). There were changes 
in the composition of the Board of Directors during the period 
under review.
During the year, the following changes took place:
•	 	 Mr. Ganesh Kumar (DIN: 07635860) resigned as Public 
Int
erest Director (Independent Director) of the Company, 
eﬀective February 16, 2026.
•	 	 The members approved the appointment of Mr. Rishi 
Nathany (DIN: 00999139) as the M
anaging Director 
& Chief Executive Oﬃcer of the Company through a 
Special Resolution passed at the Extra-Ordinary General 
Meeting held on February 09, 2026. However, his actual 
appointment became eﬀective from April 01, 2026.
•	  Mr. Narendra Kumar Ahlawat (DIN: 07629724), MD & CEO 
of the Company
, ceased to be MD & CEO of the Company 
upon completion of his second term as MD & CEO on 
March 31, 2026
Adequate notices/shorter notices, wherever applicable were 
given to all directors for conducting the Board Meetings & 
Committee Meetings. Agenda and detailed notes on agenda 
were also sent well in advance for meetings as per the prescribed 
timelines and a system exists for seeking and obtaining further 
information and clari/f_ications on the agenda items before the 
meeting and for meaningful participation at the meeting.
All decisions at the Board Meetings & Committee Meetings 
are carried out unanimously as recorded in the minutes of the 
meetings of the Board of Directors or the Committees of the 
Board, as the case may be.
The Company has complied with the provisions pertaining to 
Corporate Social Responsibility as per Section 135 of Companies 
Act, 2013 and Companies (Corporate Social Responsibility 
Policy) Rules, 2014, further Form CSR-2 pertaining to Financial 
Year 2024-25 is /f_iled in the Financial Year 2025-26 with Ministry 
of Corporate Aﬀairs.
We further report that there are reasonable systems and 
processes in the Company commensurate with its size and 
operations to monitor and ensure compliance with applicable 
laws, rules, regulations and guidelines and the Company is in 
the process of strengthening the same.
We further report that during the year under review,
a)  During the year, at the Extra-Ordinary General Meeting 
held on February 09, 2026, the Members approved the 
increase in the Authorized Share Capital of the Company 
and the consequent alteration of the Memorandum of 
Association (“MOA”) and Articles of Association (“AOA”), 
subject to the approval of the Securities and Exchange 
Board of India (“SEBI”), as applicable. On May 05, 2026 SEBI 
has approved the proposed amendments to MOA and 
AOA of MCXCCL.
 None of the following events has taken place-
 I.  Public/Rights/Preferential Issue of Shares/
Debentures etc.
 II. Redemption/buy-back of securities
 III.  Major decision taken by the members in pursuance 
to section 180 of the Companies Act, 2013.
 IV. Merger/Amalgamation/Reconstruction, etc.
 V. Foreign Technical Collaborations.
We further report that during the audit period there was no 
other event/action having major bearing on the Company’s 
aﬀairs in pursuance of the above referred laws, rules, regulations, 
guidelines, and standards.
For Mayekar & Associates
Company Secretaries
Firm Registration Number: P2005MH007400
PR Certi/f_icate No: 4385 / 2023
Jatin Prabhakar Patil
Par
tner
FCS – 7282
COP – 7954
Dat
e: July 30, 2026
Place: Mumbai
U.D.I.N – F007282H000928763
Note: This report is to be read with our letter of even date which is 
annexed as Annexure ‘A’ and forms an integral part of this report.
ANNEXURE - V (Contd.)
97
To,
The M
embers,
MUL TI COMMODITY EXCHANGE CLEARING CORPORATION 
LIMITED
(CIN - U74999MH2008PLC185349)
Exchange Square, CTS 255, Suren Road,
Andheri (East), Mumbai-400093
The Management along with the Board of Directors are 
responsible for ensuring that the Company complies with the 
provisions of all applicable laws and maintains the required 
statutory records and documents in the prescribed manner.
1) Management’s responsibility
  The Management along with the Board of Directors are 
responsible for ensuring that the Company complies 
with the provisions of all applicable laws and maintains 
the required statutory records and documents in the 
prescribed manner.
2) Auditor’s responsibility
  Based on audit, our responsibility is to express an 
opinion on the compliance with the applicable laws and 
maintenance of records by the Company. We conducted 
our audit in accordance with the auditing standards 
CSAS 1 to CSAS 4 (“CSAS”) prescribed by the Institute of 
Company Secretaries of India (“ICSI”). These standards 
require that the auditor complies with statutory and 
regulatory requirements and plans and performs the audit 
to obtain reasonable assurance about compliance with 
applicable laws and maintenance of records.
  Due to the inherent limitations of an audit including 
internal, /f_inancial and operating controls, there is an 
unavoidable risk that some misstatements or material 
non-compliances may not be detected, even though the 
audit is properly planned and performed in accordance 
with the CSAS.
Annexure A
3) Basis for Opinion
 i.  We have followed the audit practices and processes 
as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance 
about the correctness of the contents of the 
Secretarial Records. The veri/f_ication was done on test 
basis to ensure that correct facts are re/f_lected in the 
Secretarial Records. We believe that the processes 
and practices, we followed provide a reasonable 
basis for our opinion.
 ii.  We have not veri/f_ied the correctness and 
appropriateness of /f_inancial records and Books of 
Accounts of the Company.
 iii.  Wherever required, we have obtained a Management 
Representation about the compliance of laws, rules 
and regulations and happening of events, etc.
 iv.  The Secretarial Audit report is neither an assurance as 
to future viability of the Company nor of the eﬃciency 
or eﬀectiveness with which the management has 
conducted the aﬀairs of the Company.
For Mayekar & Associates
Company Secretaries
Firm Registration Number: P2005MH007400
PR Certi/f_icate No: 4385 / 2023
Jatin Prabhakar Patil
Par
tner
FCS – 7282
COP – 7954
Dat
e: July 30, 2026
Place: Mumbai
U.D.I.N – F007282H000928763

--- page 66 ---
98
Statutory Reports
MCX Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
A LANDMARK YEAR FOR MCX
Financial Year 2025-26 marked a landmark year for MCX, as 
we str
engthened our market leadership through focused 
execution, product innovation, technology enhancement and 
deeper market participation. Our strategic initiatives translated 
into strong /f_inancial and operational performance, with higher 
trading volumes, expanding client participation and sustained 
momentum across the commodities derivatives segment.
MCX increased its consolidated revenue from operations by 
107% to `2,302 crores during FY 2025-26, driven by robust 
growth in trading volumes. We also strengthened our overall 
/f_inancial performance, with consolidated total income reaching 
`2,429 crores, an increase of 101% year-on-year. These results 
demonstrate the scalability of our business model and the 
strength of our core franchise. MCX’s pro/f_itability consequently 
reached record levels during the year. Earnings Before Interest, 
Taxes, Depreciation and Amortisation (EBITDA) increased to 
`1,774 crores during FY 2025-26, while the EBITDA margin 
stood at around 73%. Net pro/f_it for the year ended March 31, 
2026, stood at `1,332 crores, registering a 138% increase over 
the previous year.
We drove this growth by strengthening market participation 
and improving product traction across our Futures and Options 
segments. Average Daily Turnover (ADT) across these segments 
reached a record `5,36,048 crores in FY 2025-26, the highest 
level achieved by the Exchange. This performance re/f_lects the 
eﬀectiveness of our continued focus on deepening liquidity, 
enhancing product oﬀerings and expanding participation 
across the commodities derivatives ecosystem.
We continued to invest in technology enhancement, product 
innovation and operational excellence to build a more 
accessible, resilient and eﬃcient marketplace. These initiatives 
helped us deepen the maturity and reach of India’s commodity 
derivatives markets while strengthening MCX’s position as the 
country’s leading commodity derivatives exchange.
We also made signi/f_icant progress in expanding our client base. 
The total number of traded clients increased by 61.26% to 20.90 
lakhs during the year. This sharp increase re/f_lects the success of 
our eﬀorts to broaden market access, strengthen participation 
and bring a larger number of market participants into the 
organised commodity derivatives ecosystem.
The strong FY26 performance reinforces MCX’s leadership and 
re/f_lects our ability to convert strategic priorities into measurable 
outcomes. Going forward, we remain focused on expanding 
the depth and breadth of the commodity derivatives market, 
accelerating product innovation, strengthening technology 
and risk-management capabilities, and creating greater value 
for all stakeholders.
Management Discussion and Analysis
INDUSTR Y
 STRUCTURE AND DEVELOPMENTS
The International Monetary Fund (IMF) estimates that the 
global ec onom
y grew by 3.4% in 2025, demonstrating 
strong resilience despite high trade barriers and geopolitical 
volatility, and surpassing performance levels of 2024. 
However, the ongoing war in the Middle East has disrupted 
this momentum. The closure of the Strait of Hormuz, along 
with signi/f_icant damage to critical facilities in a region vital to 
global hydrocarbon supply, raises the risk of a major energy 
crisis if hostilities persist. The IMF forecasts global economic 
growth at 3.1% for 2026 and 3.2% for 2027, driven by increased 
investment in Arti/f_icial Intelligence (AI) and /f_iscal spending. At 
the same time, the April 2026 Global Financial Stability Report 
of the IMF highlights elevated /f_inancial stability risks amid the 
war, potential in/f_lationary pressures, and rising concerns about 
further tightening of /f_inancial conditions.
Nonetheless, India would continue to be a bright spot in 
the global economy and remain one of the fastest-growing 
major economies, notes the IMF. The Fund estimates India 
to have grown by 7.5 percent in 2025, following 7.1 percent 
growth in 2024. For the year 2026 and 2027, the IMF projects 
India’s economic growth at 6.5% in each year, led by positive 
contributions from the carryover of the strong 2025 outturn 
and the decline in additional US tariﬀs on Indian goods from 
50 to 10 percent, which outweigh the adverse impact of the 
Middle East con/f_lict. The IMF estimates India’s economy at $4.15 
trillion in 2026, world’s sixth largest, and poised to be fourth 
largest by 2027 and third by 2031.
Economic Outlook
The R
eserve Bank of India’s Monetary Policy Statement released 
on April 08, 2026 pain
ts a resilient picture of the Indian economy 
in FY 2025-26. Real gross domestic product (GDP) is estimated 
to have grown by 7.6 per cent (y-o-y) during the year, as per the 
Second Advance Estimates (SAE) of the new GDP series (base 
year FY 2022-23). Private consumption and /f_ixed investment 
contributed signi/f_icantly to overall growth, while net external 
demand remained soft. On the supply side, estimated real GVA 
growth of 7.7 per cent was driven by buoyant services sector 
and robust manufacturing activity.
The RBI further indicates that elevated energy and other 
commodity prices coupled with supply shocks, mainly due 
to disruptions in the Strait of Hormuz, may act as a drag on 
domestic production in FY 2026-27. Heightened volatility in 
global /f_inancial markets with its spillover on domestic /f_inancial 
conditions would weigh on growth prospects. On the external 
front, merchandise exports may be adversely impacted from 
disruptions to key shipping routes and the concomitant 
rise in freight and insurance costs in case the con/f_lict is long 
drawn. On the other hand, sustained momentum in services 
sector, persisting impact of GST rationalization, rising capacity 
99
utilization in manufacturing, and healthy balance sheets of 
/f_inancial institutions and cor
porates should continue to support 
domestic demand. In this/uni00A0environment, the Government’s focus 
on scaling up domestic manufacturing in several strategic and 
frontier sectors announced in the Union Budget FY 2026-27 
bodes well for India’s ensuing growth trajectory.  Taking all 
these factors into consideration, the RBI projects India’s growth 
rate at 6.9 per cent for FY 2026-27.
Global Commodity Markets
Pric
e Trends
Global commodity markets displayed varied trends across 
Bullion, Base M
etals, Energy, and Agricultural commodity 
segments in 2025, with price movements re/f_lecting a 
combination of global macroeconomic conditions, supply-
demand dynamics, and geopolitical developments.
In the Bullion segment, Gold futures prices traded at CME 
recorded a strong upward trend through the year, rising from a 
low of USD 2,617.3 per troy ounce to a high of USD 4,556.3 per 
troy ounce, and closing at USD 4,325.6 per troy ounce (+65% 
YoY), while Silver futures prices moved from USD 28.31 to USD 
79.70 per troy ounce, ending at USD 70.13 (+142% YoY). The 
rally to yearly highs was mainly driven by safe-haven demand, 
central bank purchases, and expectations of interest rate cuts, 
whereas early lows were in/f_luenced by elevated interest rates 
and a strong dollar.
In Base Metals, LME Copper 3-month forward prices increased 
from a low of USD 8,613 per metric tonne to a high of USD 
12,558.5 per metric tonne during 2025, closing at USD 12,423 
per metric tonne (+42% YoY). LME Aluminium 3 month forward 
prices rose from USD 1,932.5 to USD 2,995.5 per metric tonne, 
closing at USD 2,995.5 (+17% YoY). LME Nickel, LME Zinc, and 
LME Lead 3 month forward contracts recorded moderate gains, 
supported by supply constraints, improving industrial demand, 
and expectations of economic stimulus, while lows occurred 
during periods of weak manufacturing  activity and global 
growth concerns.
In the Energy segment, CME Crude Oil traded between a high 
of USD 80.77 per barrel and a low of USD 54.98 per barrel, 
closing at USD 57.42 per barrel (-20% YoY), as initial strength 
due to geopolitical risks and supply cuts was oﬀset by demand 
slowdown fears and rising non-OPEC production; CME Natural 
Gas /f_luctuated between USD 2.62 and USD 5.50 per MMBtu, 
ending at USD 3.69 (+1% YoY), though prices were marked by 
volatility driven by weather conditions and inventory levels.
In Agriculture, CME Soybean prices ranged from USD 9.61 to 
USD 11.70 per bushel, closing at USD 10.31 (+3% YoY), while 
CME Wheat moved between USD 4.92 and USD 6.09 per bushel, 
closing at USD 5.07 (-8% YoY), and ICE Cotton traded between 
USD 0.61 to USD 0.74 per pound, ending at USD 0.64 (-6% YoY). 
The highs in this segment were largely in/f_luenced by weather-
related supply concerns, whereas lows re/f_lected improved 
production and subdued global demand.
Overall, Bullion and Base Metals showed strong gains and closed 
near their yearly highs during the year 2025, while energy and 
agriculture experienced relatively weaker performance due to 
demand-side pressures and improved supply conditions.
Volume trends
Volumes tr
aded in global commodity derivatives market 
continued t
o witness uptrend in 2025. As per data released 
by the Futures Industry Association (FIA), aggregate volumes 
traded in commodity derivatives increased by about 16.65% 
Year-on-Year to touch 10.52 billion contracts in 2025. However, 
diﬀerent commodity segments experienced diﬀerential 
growth trends in their volumes traded. Trade volumes in 
Precious Metals, Energy and Non-Precious Metals increased 
by about 45%, 30% and 15% respectively, while those in Agri-
commodities dropped by 3.9%. The trends in global commodity 
derivatives volumes are presented in Chart 1.
Management Discussion and Analysis (Contd.)
Chart 1: Global Futures and Options Volumes across Commodity Segments (Y ear 2025 and 2024)
Million Contracts
4,000
3,500
3,000
2,500
2,000
1,500
1,000
500
-
Precious Metals Non Pr ecious Metals Energy Agri
2025 2024
Source: Futures Industry Association

--- page 67 ---
100
Statutory Reports
MCX Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
Trends in region-wise traded volumes of commodity derivatives indicate continued dominance of Asia which contributed for more 
than 70% of global commodity derivatives traded in 2025 (Chart 2), followed by North America and Europe, which accounted for 
about 18% each in the total traded volumes during the year.
Chart 2: Regional distribution of global commodity derivatives trade volumes in (2025 and 2024)
8,000
6,000
4,000
2,000
-
Million Contracts
Asia North America Europe Others
2025 2024
Source: Futures Industry Association
Domestic Commodity Markets
The Indian commodity derivatives markets experienced a high growth trend during the /f_inancial year 2025-26. Both volume (number 
of con
tracts) and turnover (value of trades) saw signi/f_icant growth in the Futures and Options segments compared to the previous 
/f_inancial year, 2024-25.
In volume terms, trading in commodity derivatives rose by about 98%, totalling 197.74 crores contracts traded during FY 2025-26 
(Table 1), while in value terms, commodity derivatives turnover increased by approximately 139%, reaching `1,388.11 lakhs crores 
during the year (Table 2).
Between the Futures and Options segments, Futures trading experienced substantial growth of approximately 133% in value terms 
and 98% in volume terms during the year FY 2025-26, reaching a total traded value of `166.43 lakhs crores and about 32.68 crores 
traded contracts. This increase in futures trading was observed in all segments except indices.
With regard to Commodity Options trading, volumes traded increased to 165.05 crores contracts in FY 2025-26, up from 83.59 crores 
contracts in FY 2024-25. Correspondingly, the notional value of Options trading surged by 140% to touch `1,221 lakhs crores in the 
year FY 2025-26.
Table 1: Volumes of Commodity Derivatives traded on Indian Commodity Exchanges (lakhs Contracts)
Futures Options T otal
Segment FY  
2024-25
FY  
2025-26
% 
Change
FY  
2024-25
FY  
2025-26
% 
Change
FY  
2024-25
FY  
2025-26
% 
Change
Agriculture 36 38 4% 4 13 200% 41 51 24%
Bullion 826 2,157 161% 420 2,722 548% 1,246 4,879 291%
Metals 69 70 1% 3 22 762% 72 92 28%
Energy 716 1,004 40% 7,932 13,748 73% 8,648 14,752 71%
Total 1,648 3,268 98% 8,359 16,505 97% 10,007 19,774 98%
Note: Segments include respective indices. Values have been rounded oﬀ to the nearest whole numbers
Source: SEBI Bulletin April 2026
Management Discussion and Analysis (Contd.)
101
Table 2: Turnover of Commodity Derivatives traded on Indian Commodity Exchanges (` crores)
Futures Options (notional) Total
Segment FY  
2024-25
FY  
2025-26
%  
Change
FY  
2024-25
FY  
2025-26
%  
Change
FY  
2024-25
FY  
2025-26
%  
Change
Agriculture 1,38,256 1,43,012 3% 12,427 33,011 166% 1,50,683 1,76,023 17%
Bullion 45,26,871 1,28,57,941 184% 92,85,718 6,88,68,668 642% 1,38,12,589 8,17,26,609 492%
Metals 8,06,774 11,89,378 47% 52,978 6,54,100 1135% 8,59,752 18,43,478 114%
Energy 16,69,460 24,52,670 47% 4,14,79,478 5,26,12,676 27% 4,31,48,938 5,50,65,346 28%
Total 71,41,361 1,66,43,000 133% 5,08,30,600 12,21,68,455 140% 5,79,71,961 13,88,11,455 139%
Note: Segments include respective indices. Values have been rounded oﬀ to the nearest whole numbers
Source: SEBI Bulletin April 2026
MCX BUSINESS OVERVIEW IN FY 2025/hyphen.cap261
MCX remained the market leader in commodity derivatives 
trading among domestic e
xchanges in India in the /f_inancial 
year 2025-26, accounting for about 99.07% and 98.83% of total 
traded value of commodity Futures and commodity Options 
respectively during the year. The Exchange clocked its highest 
ever daily turnover of `29.92 lakhs crores on April 30, 2026.
MCX also retained and even improved its premier position 
among the global commodity derivatives exchanges. As per 
data released by FIA in its Annual Volume Survey 2025, MCX 
was world’s largest Commodity Options Exchange, and fourth 
largest Commodity Derivatives Exchange by the number of 
contracts traded during the year 2025, improving its position 
from sixth largest Commodity Derivatives Exchange in the year 
2024./uni00A0Among individual commodities, MCX Gold Options, MCX 
Crude Oil Options and MCX Natural Gas Options were world’s 
highest exchange-traded commodity Options, while MCX 
Silver Options was world’s second highest, in their respective 
categories.
Average Daily Turnover on MCX saw signi/f_icant growth in FY 
2025-26, from `2,19,063 crores in the previous year to `5,36,048, 
an annual growth of 144.7 percent.  In the Futures segment, 
the average daily turnover (including Index Futures) on MCX 
registered an annual growth of about 137.2% to `64,407 crores 
in the year FY 2025-26. The growth was led by increase in Bullion, 
Base Metals and Energy segments, turnover in which were up by 
about 186.4%, 48.6% and 47.3% respectively. In volume terms 
(number of lots traded), the Futures segment on MCX grew by 
101.5%, the contribution coming from the Bullion, Energy and 
Base Metals segments, whose traded volumes touched 8.42 
lakhs lots, 3.89 lakhs lots and 27.3 thousand lots respectively in 
the year FY 2025-26. Futures volumes in Agri-commodities and 
Indices, however, fell during the year.
In the Options segment, your Exchange continued to witness 
surge in turnover and volumes. The average daily (notional) 
turnover in the Options segment increased by a signi/f_icant 
145.8% to touch `4,71,641 crores in the year FY 2025-26. 
Likewise, average daily (premium) Options turnover rose by 
108.7% `6,534 crores in FY 2025-26.
In volume terms too, MCX Options witnessed a similar rise. 
Volumes in Base Metals, Bullion and Energy Options surged 
by about 768.7%, 554.3% and 76.1%, respectively.  Overall, the 
combined Options volumes across these three segments grew 
from 31.60 lakhs lots in the /f_inancial year 2024-25 to 63.50 lakhs 
lots in FY 2025-26, marking an approximate 100.9% Year-on-
Year increase.
Trends in volume and turnover in Futures and Options across 
various commodity segments traded on MCX are provided in  
Table 3 and Table 4.
Table 3: Average Daily Turnover of commodity derivatives on MCX (` crores)
Futures Options 
(N
otional Turnover)
Options 
(Premium Turnover)
FY  
2024-25
FY  
2025-26
Change 
(%)
FY  
2024-25
FY  
2025-26
Change 
(%)
FY  
2024-25
FY  
2025-26
Change 
(%)
Agri 10 6 (39.8%) - - - - - -
Base Metal 3,127 4,646 48.6% 205 2,555 1,144.3% 2 37 1,490.0%
Bullion 17,546 50,225 186.2% 35,904 2,68,745 648.5% 248 1,968 694.7%
Energy 6,470 9,530 47.3% 1,55,800 2,00,341 28.6% 2,881 4,529 57.2%
Total 27,153 64,407 137.2% 1,91,910 4,71,641 145.8% 3,131 6,534 108.7%
Note: Segments include respective indices. Values have been rounded oﬀ to the nearest whole numbers
Source: MCX
1I In computing Average Daily Turnover and Average Daily Volume, Muhurat Trading day has been excluded in day count.
Management Discussion and Analysis (Contd.)

--- page 68 ---
102
Statutory Reports
MCX Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
Table 4: Average Daily Volume of commodity derivatives on MCX (no. of lots)
Futures Options
FY 2024-25
FY 2025-26 % change FY 2024-25 FY 2025-26 % change
Agri 197 179 -9.4%  - - -
Base Metal 26,843 27,309 1.7% 1,006 8,742 768.7%
Bullion 3,20,291 8,42,429 163.0% 1,62,436 10,62,827 554.3%
Energy 2,77,681 3,89,639 40.3% 29,96,706 52,78,681 76.1%
Total 6,25,012 12,59,556 101.5% 31,60,148 63,50,250 100.9%
Note: Segments include respective indices. Values have been rounded oﬀ to the nearest whole numbers
Source: MCX
Management Discussion and Analysis (Contd.)
PRODUCT/hyphen.capWISE PERFORMANCE
Product-wise performance of your Company during the year 
2025-26 is giv
en in Annexure I.
FINANCIAL POSITION AND RESUL T OF OPERATIONS
Revenue:
The C
ompany derives its revenues from transaction fees, 
admission fees, annual subscr
iption fees, terminal charges, 
connectivity income, interest income, gains on sale of 
investments and other miscellaneous income.
During FY 2025-26, the Company’s total income increased to  
`2,281.76 crores from `1,107.37 crores in FY 2024-25 
registering an increase of 106% with a net pro/f_it margin of 
45%. The operating expenses increased to `832.13 crores from  
`491.54 crores in FY 2024-25, registering an increase of only 
69% in comparison to increase in revenue.
The pro/f_it before tax for FY 2025-26 has substantially increased to 
`1,374.45 crores vis-à-vis `554.05 crores in the last /f_inancial year, 
registering an increase of 148%. During FY 2025-26, the pro/f_it 
after tax has also increased by 148% to `1,029.04 crores as against  
`414.78 crores in FY 2024-25.
The Company operates in Commodity Derivatives market 
segment business. Transaction fees comprise a signi/f_icant 
portion (approximately 97%) of the Exchange’s revenue 
from operations. The revenue from transaction fees during  
FY 2025-26 was `2,090.96 crores as against `961.80 crores in 
the previous year. The investment income was `116.99 crores in  
FY 2025-26 (Previous year - `82.93 crores) including gain / (loss) 
on fair valuation of mutual funds (Table 5).
Table 5: MCX’s Income (` in crores)
Particulars FY 2025-26 FY 2024-25 Change Increase / 
(Decrease)
Transaction fees 2,090.96 961.80 117%
Other operating income 62.71 49.78 26%
Investment income 116.99 82.93 41%
Other income 11.10 12.86 (14)%
Total 2,281.76 1,107.37 106%
Operating revenue:
The Company’s operating revenue stood at `2,153.67 crores f or FY 2025-26 as against `1,011.58 crores for previous year. Increase  
in operating revenue by `1,142.09 crores is mainly due to increase in revenue from transaction fees by `1,129.16 crores (Increase  
by 117%).
Expenses:
The C
ompany’s expenditure consists of employee bene/f_it expenses, C&S charges and product license fees, depreciation / amortization 
charges, inf
ormation technology and related expenses, contribution to statutory funds & regulatory fees and other expenses  
(Table 6).
103
Table 6: MCX’s expenditure (` in crores)
Particulars FY 2025-26 FY 2024-25 Change Increase / 
(Decrease)
Employee bene/f_it expense 147.16 116.98 26%
C&S charges and product license fees 364.66 189.65 92%
Depreciation and amortization 74.89 61.61 22%
Information technology and related expenses 73.23 62.37 17%
Finance costs 0.29 0.17 71%
Contribution to statutory funds and regulatory fees 163.73 79.45 88%
Other expenses* 83.35 43.09 106%
Total 907.31 553.32 64%
*Other expenses primarily comprise of costs / charges pertaining to advertisement, repairs and maintenance, CSR expense, legal and professional 
charges, etc.
Operating costs:
Opera
ting costs of the Company increased by `340.59 crores 
(incr
ease by 69%) from `491.54 crores in FY 2024-25 to `832.13 
crores in FY 2025-26.
Provision for taxation:
The C
ompany’s provision for tax for FY 2025-26 was `345.41 
crores 
(Previous Year `139.27 crores).
Earnings per share (EPS):
Earnings per shar
e stood at `40.36 per equity share (of ` 2/- 
each) for FY 2025-26 as against `16.27 per equity share (of  
`2/- each) for previous year.
Pro/f_it analysis:
The net pr
o/f_it margin stood at 45% in FY 2025-26 (Previous Year: 
37%).
Financial performance and operational performance 
parameters:
T
he transaction fees has substantially increased by 117%  
to `2,090.96 cr
ores in FY 2025-26 from `961.80 crores in  
FY 2024-25.
Shareholders’ funds:
Shar
e capital:
As on March 31, 2026, the Company’s share capital stood at 
`50,99,83,690 , i.e. 25,49,91,845 shar
e of Rs. 2 each. (Previous 
Year: Rs. 50,99,83,690 i.e. 5,09,98,369 equity of Rs. 10 each).
Other equity:
The C
ompany’s other equity increased to `2,765.24 crores 
as on M
arch 31, 2026 from `1,876.50 crores as on March 31, 
2025. The net worth of the Company as at March 31, 2026 
stood at `2,816.24 crores as compared to `1,927.50 crores as at  
March 31, 2025.
Secured loans:
The C
ompany had no secured loans in its books as on March 31, 
2026, as well as on Mar
ch 31, 2025.
Fixed assets:
The C
ompany’s /f_ixed assets (including capital work in progress, 
right of use asset
, intangible assets and intangible assets under 
development) stood at `438.82 crores as on March 31, 2026, as 
against `423.53 crores as on March 31, 2025.
Investments:
As on M
arch 31, 2026, the Company’s investments (non-current 
and curr en
t) stood at `2,985.45 crores as against `1,628.77 
crores as on March 31, 2025.
Current assets and current liabilities:
The cur
rent assets consisting of current investments, trade 
receiv
ables, cash and cash equivalent, bank balances and other 
current assets is `1,372.73 crores as on March 31, 2026, as 
compared to `663.34 crores as on March 31, 2025.
The current liabilities consisting of trade creditors, security 
deposits and others stood at `801.93 crores as on March 31, 
2026, as against `284.48 crores as on March 31, 2025.
Management Discussion and Analysis (Contd.)

--- page 69 ---
104
Statutory Reports
MCX Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
Key Financial Indicators:
For Standalone:
Particulars FY  
2025-26
FY  
2024-25
Variation 
(bps)
%  
Change
Details of change
Debtors Turnover (in times) 165.86 33.17 13,269 400.03% Due to 113% increase in revenue from operations.
Current Ratio (in times) 1.71 2.33 (0.62) (26.61)% There is an increase in current assets due to higher 
cash surplus, along with an increase in current 
liabilities on account of higher CTT and year-end 
provisions.
EBITDA margin (in %) 63.53 55.61 792 14.24% Mainly due to increase in income from transaction 
fees
Net Pro/f_it Margin (in %) 45.10 37.46 764 20.39% Mainly due to increase in income from transaction 
fees
Return on Net Worth (in %) 43.39 23.88 1,951 81.70% Due to increase in total revenue and the PAT in the 
current /f_inancial year has increased.
For Consolidated:
Particulars FY  
2025-26
FY  
2024-25
Variation 
(bps)
%  
Change
Details of change
Debtors Turnover (in times) 49.59 24.43 2,516 103% Due to increase in revenue from operations by 107% 
in current year.
Current Ratio (in times) 1.31 1.87 (0.56) (29.95)% Mainly due to an increase in margins received from 
members.
EBITDA margin (in %) 73.02 62.99 1,003 15.92% Mainly due to increase in income from transaction 
fees.
Net Pro/f_it Margin (in %) 54.82 46.33 849 18.33% Mainly due to increase in income from transaction 
fees
Return on Net Worth (in %) 56.27 34.33 2,194 63.91% Due to increase in total revenue and the PAT in the 
current /f_inancial year has increased.
INTERNAL CONTROL SYSTEMS AND THEIR ADEQUACY
The Board has put in place various measures to ensure that 
the in t
ernal control mechanisms are adequate and eﬀective. 
The Exchange has also put in place state-of-the-art technology 
and has automated most of the key areas of operations and 
processes, to minimize human intervention.
The design, implementation and maintenance of adequate 
internal /f_inancial controls are such that they operate eﬀectively 
and ensure accuracy and completeness of the accounting 
records. Their presentation gives a true and fair view of the 
state of aﬀairs of the Company and they are free from material 
misstatements, whether due to error or fraud.
The operational processes are comprehensively documented 
coupled with well-de/f_ined Standard Operating Procedures. The 
same includes the /f_inancial controls in the form of maker and 
checker.
The Board has approved a scheme of /f_inancial sub-delegation 
to oﬃcials of your Company for incurring expenses. The Board, 
with a view to ensure transparency, has also formulated various 
policies and has put in place appropriate internal controls for 
procurement of services, materials, /f_ixed assets, monitoring 
income streams, investments and /f_inancial accounting.
Internal control measures include adherence to systemic 
controls, information security controls, as well as role based/ 
need based access controls. Further, the existing systems and 
controls are periodically reviewed for change management 
in the situations of introduction of new processes / change in 
processes, change in the systems, change in personnel handling 
the activities and other related activities.
The Audit Committee of the Company, comprising of majority 
Public Interest Directors, reviews and recommends the 
unaudited quarterly /f_inancial statements and the annual 
audited /f_inancial statements of your Company to the Board for 
approval.
Your Company has appointed a /f_irm of Chartered Accountants 
to conduct independent /f_inancial and operational internal audit 
(pre and concurrent) in accordance with the scope as de/f_ined 
by the Audit Committee. The reports from the Internal Auditors 
are reviewed by the Audit Committee on periodic basis.
Management Discussion and Analysis (Contd.)
105
Pre-audit by the independent internal audit /f_irm is conducted 
for v
arious activities including payments made by the Company.
Further, all related party transactions are placed before the Audit 
Committee and are approved / rati/f_ied by it after deliberations. 
Prior omnibus approval of the Audit Committee is obtained on 
annual basis for related party transactions which the Company 
foresees to be in the ordinary course of business and on an 
arm’s length basis.
COMPETITIVE STRENGTHS
The attributes of your Company that have made it the market 
leader and sustain its unique position ar e descr
ibed in the 
following paragraphs.
Strong Brand Equity
MCX c
ontinues to be the leading exchange in India’s commodity 
deriva
tives markets, capturing approximately 99.07% of the 
market share in commodity Futures turnover and nearly 
98.83% in commodity Options turnover (notional) during the 
year FY 2025-26. The Exchange has built strong brand equity by 
providing a reliable trading platform for commodity derivatives, 
characterized by transparent price discovery and robust risk 
management processes.
High Global Standing
MCX r etained its position, f
or the second year in a row, as 
world
’s largest Commodity Options Exchange by the number 
of contracts traded during the year, as per data released by 
the Futures Industry Association (FIA). Considering overall 
Commodity Futures and Options volumes, MCX was world’s 
fourth largest commodity Exchange, improving its position from 
being the sixth largest in 2024. FIA’s annual data also reveals 
that during 2025, MCX was the venue for highest number of 
Options contracts traded in Gold, Crude Oil and Natural Gas, 
and second highest in Silver, globally. Our commitment to 
operational excellence remains a cornerstone of our strategic 
growth, driving continuous improvement and eﬃciency across 
all facets of our organization.
Strong connect with commodities ecosystems
MCX play
s a crucial role in the broader commodity ecosystem 
in India, fost
ering its growth and development. In addition to 
the Members and their clients who engage with the Exchange 
for risk management and trading, various other stakeholders 
are also connected to MCX and MCXCCL, its clearing arm. 
These include warehouse owners, service providers, assayers, 
logistics companies, collateral management /f_irms, and /f_inancial 
institutions. The prices discovered on the MCX platform 
are recognized as credible reference prices by numerous 
stakeholders in the physical markets, in/f_luencing their 
transactions. As a result, the prices established on MCX not 
only serve as benchmarks for physical market trades but also 
enhance the overall price discovery process in these markets.
Access to a highly liquid and eﬃcient trading platform
MCX is widely r ec
ognized for oﬀering some of the most liquid 
commodity der
ivatives products in India, establishing itself 
as a vital player in the market. High liquidity naturally draws 
a diverse array of participants, including retail traders, large 
corporate entities, and reputed /f_inancial institutions, extending 
to Foreign Portfolio Investors wherever permitted. This broad 
participation and underlying liquidity in contracts are some 
of Exchange’s most signi/f_icant competitive advantages, 
underscoring its pivotal role in the Indian commodity trading 
landscape.
Best Practice of Corporate Governance
As a r
ecognized Exchange and a public listed entity, your 
Company oper
ates under stringent regulatory oversight. 
MCX is dedicated to collaborating with all stakeholders to 
foster a market environment that is orderly, well-informed, 
and equitable, bene/f_itting all participants. Your Company’s 
operations underscore robust internal governance and 
regulatory compliance, operating under the principle that 
sound corporate governance enhances stakeholder con/f_idence 
and attracts market participants to utilize its trading platform. 
Apart from ensuring total compliance to existing legal and 
regulatory guidelines, your Company also follows an eﬀective 
dispute resolution mechanism to address clients’ grievances.
Strong domain knowledge
The human 
resources at your Company possess expertise 
in commodities
, commodity derivatives, and related /f_ields, 
with knowledge gained over two decades of the Exchange’s 
operations and close interactions with market stakeholders. 
This expertise has not only contributed to the development 
of the Exchange and its ecosystem but has also been sought 
after internationally to assist in creating and developing market 
institutions in various countries.
Eﬃcient and Robust Risk Management
Multi C
ommodity Exchange Clearing Corporation Limited 
(MCXCCL), a wholly o
wned subsidiary of MCX, provides an 
eﬃcient platform for clearing and settlement of all the trades 
executed on MCX. MCXCCL also provides an eﬃcient risk 
management framework within which the trades are settled, 
which enables the Exchange to guarantee trade settlements 
and high integrity of trades even in periods of stress and high 
volatility in the market. On the other hand, the Exchange has 
established an enterprise-wide ERM framework to identify, 
assess, monitor and mitigate risks across the organization and 
its ecosystem. The risks are being assessed on a continuous 
basis and redressed accordingly to keep the residual risks under 
control.
Management Discussion and Analysis (Contd.)

--- page 70 ---
106
Statutory Reports
MCX Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
Awards and recognitions
During FY 2025-26, your Company continued to earn accolades 
and awar
ds through multiple prestigious industry recognitions. 
The Exchange was honoured with the ‘Prestigious Brands of Asia 
2026’ award by Herald Global and BARC Asia, re/f_lecting its strong 
brand equity and market leadership. MCX was also recognised 
as the ‘Best Indian Bullion Exchange of the Year 2024-25’ at the 
IGC Excellence Awards 2025 and ‘Best Commodity Exchange 
of the Year’ award at the India International Bullion Summit 
2025, underscoring its signi/f_icant contribution to India’s bullion 
market development. In recognition of its growing prominence 
in precious metals derivatives, MCX was also awarded the ‘Best 
Exchange for Silver Derivatives for the Year 2025’ at the India 
Silver Conference Excellence Awards.
Strong Technology Framework
MCX’s technology infrastructure is the foundation of our 
business and a key c ontr
ibutor to the Exchange’s functioning 
and development. Our trading platform, mission-critical 
applications, and supporting infrastructure are hosted in a 
state of the art Data Centre at our headquarters in Mumbai, 
and replicated at a Near Online Site nearby, and at a Disaster 
Recovery site in Gift City - Gandhinagar.
Our electronic platform is supported by our infrastructure 
and advanced technology, allowing fast trade execution, 
with uptimes exceeding 99.9% since inception, low latency, 
anonymity between counterparties, price transparency, prompt 
and reliable order routing, trade reporting, multicast tick-by-
tick market data dissemination and market surveillance. The 
platform is built on state-of-the-art storage-based technology, 
using one of the fastest storages in the world. This positions 
MCX as one of the /f_irst to deploy such technology, providing a 
competitive edge.
The Exchange’s state-of-art data center is supported by best-in-
class network and security infrastructure with high availability 
at all levels. The Company runs ‘Defence-in-depth’ strategy 
to ensure information security at all layers with well-de/f_ined 
Information Security policy and Cyber Security and Cyber 
Resilience policy & governance structure.
In the /f_iscal year 2025-26, the exchange handled below 
mentioned Peak Volumes, seamlessly. During the year the 
exchange has seen sharp rise in the order messages and system 
has processed over 200 cores order messages and 2 crore trades 
in a single day with no operational disruption. This performance 
re/f_lects optimised message pipelines and advanced monitoring 
systems capable of managing unprecedented volumes reliably.
MCX has multi layered security architecture that combines 
preventive, detective, corrective and proactive security controls 
across people, process, and technology domains. Key security 
capabilities include safeguarding sensitive information, 
continuous threat monitoring and timely incident response.
Besides, your Company has also implemented 24x7x365 Cyber 
Security Operation Centre (C-SOC) for monitoring and raising 
alerts related to cyber-attacks and other security related 
incidents round the clock. The Exchange has also implemented 
Privilege Access controls to monitor and manage the access 
control of the critical assets and has enhanced security by 
implementing 2-factor authentication (2FA) for remote users.
MCX has been certi/f_ied with ISO standards, ISO 9001:2015 
Quality Management System, ISO 14001:2015 Environment 
Management System, ISO 22301:2019 Business Continuity 
Management System and ISO/IEC 27001:2022 Information 
Security Management System.
OPPORTUNITIES
The emerging landscape in the global and domestic markets 
pro
vide considerable growth opportunities to your Company, 
some of which are mentioned below:
Increase in participation
With spr
ead of education and awareness about commodity 
deriva
tives, as well as ease of access to the market platform, 
MCX may see increasing participation on its platform in the 
times ahead. Further, participation by /f_inancial institutions 
may gain momentum as these institutions and their clients 
increasingly look forward to gaining exposure to commodity 
derivatives using the services of Mutual Funds, Portfolio 
Managers, Alternative Investment Funds and Specialized 
Investment Funds. While Domestic Institutional Investors (DIIs) 
may increase traction in the commodity space in the years 
ahead, the range of permissible products (currently limited 
to cash-settled contracts only) may be expanded for Foreign 
Institutional Investors (FPIs), further deepening the commodity 
derivatives contracts.
Growth in Retail Participation through Technology 
Platforms
T
he rapid growth of digital platforms and innovations in digital 
investing 
oﬀers MCX an opportunity to signi/f_icantly increase 
retail participation. The Exchange can collaborate with /f_intech 
platforms, brokerages, and digital investment apps to simplify 
access to commodity trading products. User-friendly mobile 
interfaces, educational tools, multilingual research content, 
and small-sized contracts can greatly help expand commodity 
market participation among retail investors and /f_irst-time 
traders across India.
Introduction of new products
In r
esponse to market demand and after receiving regulatory 
approv
als, your Company launched several new products during 
the year FY 2025-26 such as Futures contracts on Electricity, 
Gold Ten and Cardamom. The Exchange also revamped and 
re-launched existing products such as Futures on Cotton and 
Nickel.  The new product launches highlight MCX’s commitment 
Management Discussion and Analysis (Contd.)
107
to innovation, providing market accessibility and meeting 
the evolving needs of stakeholders acr
oss various commodity 
segments. Regulatory approvals have been obtained for other 
new products, and the Exchange plans to launch them at 
appropriate times. Apart from derivatives on new commodities, 
your Company continues to explore diﬀerent variants of 
Futures and Options contracts for existing commodities, with 
variations in terms of tenure and lot size, and would launch 
these contracts at appropriate times based on market feedback 
and regulatory approvals.
Apart from launching derivatives contracts on commodities, 
your Company shall also explore the possibility of venturing 
into newer opportunities, such as spot exchange platforms for 
diﬀerent commodities; new platforms, products and services 
within the securities market; monetization of existing and 
commencement of new services; etc.
Expansion in agricultural Commodities
India
’s large agricultural economy presents substantial untapped 
potential f
or commodity derivatives. MCX can strengthen 
its presence in the agri-commodities domain through the 
introduction of new contracts, farmer outreach initiatives, 
warehousing integration, and digital delivery mechanisms. 
Collaborations with Farmer Producer Organizations (FPOs), 
agri-tech companies, and government agencies can improve 
hedging awareness and participation among farmers, 
processors, exporters and other value chain participants. This 
would support eﬃcient price discovery and risk management 
across the agricultural value chain.
Strengthening international collaborations and partnerships
Your Company already has MoUs for collaborations with 
sever
al international exchanges. These collaborations can be 
further built upon to develop knowledge or facilitate product 
developments. The Exchange can also explore the possibility 
of introducing products linked to international benchmarks 
and oﬀer own products on international platforms, subject to 
regulatory approvals, thereby enhancing participation from 
foreign investors on their own platforms.
POTENTIAL THREATS
Some threats perceived in your Company’s operations and on 
its path t
owards expansion, are discussed below.
Competition from Domestic and Global Exchanges
Competition in the I
ndian /f_inancial market ecosystem has 
been increasing ov
er time, with domestic stock exchanges, 
international exchanges, and alternative trading platforms 
continuously expanding their product oﬀerings and technology 
capabilities. Competitors with diversi/f_ied product portfolios 
and stronger presence in equities or global commodities 
may attract market participants through aggressive pricing 
or innovative contracts. Increased competition could impact 
MCX’s market share, trading volumes, and pricing power over 
the long term.
Regulatory and Policy Uncertainties
Commodit
y derivatives markets are highly regulated and 
remain sensitive t
o changes in government policies, taxation 
frameworks, and regulatory guidelines. Any restriction 
on commodity trading, higher transaction costs, or policy 
interventions in free markets and movements in commodities 
could adversely aﬀect market sentiment and trading activity. 
Frequent regulatory changes may also increase compliance 
costs and operational complexities for the Exchange and its 
participants.
Dependence on Commodity Market Volumes
The major por
tion of MCX’s revenues is linked to trading activity 
in commodity der
ivatives. Commodity markets are inherently 
cyclical and in/f_luenced by global economic conditions, 
geopolitical developments, in/f_lation trends, currency 
volatility, and government interventions. Prolonged periods 
of low volatility or weak participation in key commodities 
may adversely impact trading volumes, liquidity, and revenue 
generation for the Exchange.
Cybersecurity and Technology-Related Threats
As a technology-driven market infrastructure institution, MCX 
faces g r
owing risks related to cybersecurity threats, system 
disruptions, data breaches, and operational failures. Increasing 
digitalization and algorithmic trading activity heighten the need 
for resilient and secure trading systems. Any major technology 
outage, cyberattack, or compromise of sensitive market data 
could disrupt operations, damage market con/f_idence, and 
expose the Exchange to reputational and /f_inancial risks.
Emergence of Alternative Investment Platforms and Asset 
Classes
The r
apid growth of alternative investment products such as 
cryptocur
rencies, digital assets, and global investment products 
may divert investor interest away from traditional domestic 
commodity derivatives markets. Younger investors and retail 
participants may increasingly prefer newer asset classes oﬀering 
perceived higher returns or easier accessibility, potentially 
aﬀecting long-term growth in commodity participation.
Threat from Liquidity Concentration
A substan tial shar
e of trading volumes on the Exchange may 
remain conc
entrated in a limited number of commodity 
contracts. Overdependence on a few highly traded contracts 
exposes MCX to concentration risks, where reduced activity 
in these segments could disproportionately aﬀect overall 
turnover and revenues. Failure to develop liquidity across a 
broader product base may limit sustainable long-term growth.
Management Discussion and Analysis (Contd.)

--- page 71 ---
108
Statutory Reports
MCX Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
Global Economic and Geopolitical Volatility
Commodity markets are signi/f_icantly in/f_luenced by global 
macroeconomic tr
ends, geopolitical tensions, trade restrictions, 
sanctions, and supply chain disruptions. Events such as 
economic slowdowns, wars, changes in global monetary 
policies, or disruptions in commodity-producing regions can 
create extreme volatility and uncertainty in commodity markets. 
Such developments may impact participant con/f_idence, 
hedging demand, and overall market stability.
Threats from Clearing and Counterparty Exposure
Although r
obust risk management mechanisms are in place, 
extr
eme market movements or participant defaults could 
expose the Exchange and its clearing ecosystem to /f_inancial 
and operational risks. In periods of heightened volatility, 
increased margin requirements and liquidity pressures may 
impact market participation and settlement eﬃciency. Eﬀective 
management of clearing and settlement risks remains critical to 
maintaining market integrity and investor con/f_idence.
Declining Participation in Agricultural Commodities
Ag
ricultural commodity markets in India continue to face 
structural challenges including fr
agmented supply chains, 
regulatory restrictions, lower awareness among farmers 
and other stakeholders to derivatives trading, and periodic 
government interventions. Limited participation from physical 
market stakeholders in agricultural commodity contracts could 
restrict growth opportunities in this segment and reduce 
diversi/f_ication bene/f_its for the Exchange.
Talent Acquisition and Retention Challenges
The incr
easing demand for skilled professionals in /f_inancial 
technology, c
ybersecurity, quantitative analytics, and digital 
innovation may intensify competition for talent across the 
/f_inancial services industry. Failure to attract, develop, and 
retain specialized talent could impact MCX’s ability to innovate 
and execute strategic initiatives, and maintain its leadership 
position in a rapidly evolving market environment.
Market Perception and Reputational Risks
As a cr
itical /f_inancial market infrastructure institution, MCX’s 
reputation is closely linked t
o market integrity, transparency, and 
operational reliability. Any adverse events such as technology 
failures, regulatory actions, market manipulation incidents, or 
governance concerns could negatively aﬀect stakeholder trust 
and brand value. Maintaining strong governance standards and 
investor con/f_idence remains essential for sustainable growth.
Cyber Security Management
Cyber secur
ity is increasingly becoming critical with emerging 
threats which seek t
o exploit vulnerability in the systems. 
For MCX, being a MII, providing an online trading platform, 
cybersecurity is of paramount importance to ensure trust 
among the Market Participants, Regulators and Stakeholders.
In view of such threats, MCX has adopted a defense-in-
depth strategy to ensure information security at all layers 
with well-de/f_ined Cyber Security and Cyber Resilience Policy 
and comprehensive Information Security policy. MCX has 
established best in class Cyber Security Operations Center 
(C-SOC) which operates 24x7x365 for continuous monitoring, 
detection, quick response and recovery in case of any type of 
cyber-attacks. Information Security team has implemented 
people, process and technology security controls in the form 
of best-in-class tools and technologies, processes aligned with 
global standards like ISO 27001:2022, NIST etc., and regular 
awareness initiates to strengthen the human /f_irewall for 
protection against cyber-attacks. The Cyber Security awareness 
sessions are also being extended to the market participants for 
creating awareness to build robust cyber security and cyber 
resilience framework in the commodity market at large.
Constant enhancement and continuous improvement in 
the Cyber Security Framework and Information Security 
Management System has been your Company’s top priority. 
Your Company is ISO 27001:2022 certi/f_ied and organization’s 
Information Security Policy is formulated on the same standard.
To manage cyber security risks associated with processes, 
information, networks, systems and applications, the Cyber 
Security and Cyber Resilience Policy of your Company includes 
the following:
i.  ‘Identify’ critical IT assets and risks associated with such 
assets;
ii.  ‘Protect’ assets by deploying suitable controls, tools and 
measures;
iii.  ‘Detect’ incidents, anomalies and attacks through 
appropriate monitoring tools/processes;
iv.  ‘Respond’ by taking immediate steps after identi/f_ication of 
the incident, anomaly or attack;
v.  ‘Recover’ from incident through incident management, 
disaster recovery and business continuity framework.
Management Discussion and Analysis (Contd.)
109
Your Company has strengthened the Business Continuity 
Plan 
(BCP) and Disaster Recovery (DR) Policy and framework 
considering the latest SEBI Guidelines for BCP-DR of MIIs, with 
an objective to put in place measures to restore operations 
of critical systems within stipulated Recovery Time Objective 
(RTO), streamlining communication protocols, identifying 
broad scenarios of disaster, escalation hierarchy among others.
RISKS AND CONCERNS
Your Company’s business and /f_inancial performance depend on 
var
ious internal and external factors, some of which may give 
rise to risks and concerns.
(a) Market Risks
Geop
olitical and Trade Risks
Ongoing geopolitical con/f_licts in West Asia and elsewhere and 
increasing trade pr
otectionist measures led by the United States, 
continue to pose risks to global commodity markets. Escalating 
tariﬀs, sanctions, supply chain disruptions and uncertainty 
in international trade may lead to heightened volatility 
across energy, bullion, metals and agricultural commodities. 
Such developments could impact trading patterns, investor 
sentiments and overall market stability, thereby in/f_luencing 
business operations and market participation for your 
Company, being a leading commodity exchange.
Currency Fluctuation Risk
Vola
tility in global currency markets, particularly movements 
in the Indian Rupee against major int
ernational currencies 
such as the US Dollar, may impact commodity prices, import-
export dynamics and overall market sentiment. Sharp 
currency /f_luctuations driven by geopolitical developments, 
monetary policy changes and global economic uncertainty 
could in/f_luence trading volumes and hedging activity across 
commodity derivatives markets. As a leading derivatives 
exchange, your Company remains exposed to risks arising from 
adverse foreign exchange movements and their impact on 
market participation and investor con/f_idence.
Global Economic Risk
Global ec onomic slo
wdown, persistent in/f_lationary pressures, 
changing int
erest rate environments and evolving monetary 
policies across major economies may continue to impact 
commodity demand and /f_inancial market stability. Uncertainty 
in global growth prospects, coupled with disruptions in 
international trade and investment /f_lows, could adversely aﬀect 
commodity prices, market liquidity and investor participation. 
As a leading commodity exchange, your Company remains 
exposed to risks arising from changing global macroeconomic 
conditions and their potential impact on trading activity and 
overall market sentiment.
(b) Business Risks
Risk of Liquidit
y Fragmentation from Identical Products
Your Company operates in an industry characterized by 
competitive pr
essures, with domestic Exchanges oﬀering  
near-identical products in the commodity derivatives segment. 
This phenomenon can disperse trading liquidity, which can 
increase transaction costs and reduce overall market eﬃciency. 
Furthermore, direct competition may lead to aggressive pricing 
pressures, potentially eroding the Company’s pro/f_it margins 
and limiting revenue growth.
Risk of Global Benchmark Disruptions
Indian 
physical market participants (particularly in the metals 
and energy 
sectors) often rely on global trading hubs for 
reference prices. Any disruption at these prominent international 
platforms can severely impact the price discovery process 
of such commodities for domestic stakeholders. When price 
signals become uncertain, domestic market participants often 
hesitate to execute trades. Such declines in participation and 
volume directly can impact the Exchange’s transaction-based 
revenue streams.
Escalating Costs of Technological and Physical Infrastructure
Opera
ting as a Market Infrastructure Institution (MII) demands 
infusion of substantial, c
ontinuous capital. To accommodate 
rising trading volumes and meet stringent market demands, 
your Company must consistently invest in expensive, mission-
critical infrastructure. The necessity to upgrade trading 
platforms, enhancing data centres to achieve faster execution 
speeds and maintain robust cybersecurity defences. These 
technological upgrades are necessary not only to enhance 
operational eﬃciency but also to ensure compliance with 
regulatory standards and uphold market integrity. These 
expenditures could increase with increasing demands from 
stakeholders, expansion of business and challenging cyber 
threats.
Staﬀ Attrition
In the fast
-paced and dynamic industry landscape, many 
organizations
, including your Company, may face the issue 
of high employee turnover. This challenge brings with it both 
apparent and indirect costs. The process of recruiting and 
training new employees incurs substantial time and monetary 
investments, and the departure of seasoned employees results 
in the loss of valuable skills and institutional knowledge. These 
factors directly impact organizational productivity, potentially 
leading to diminished revenue and missed prospects.
Management Discussion and Analysis (Contd.)

--- page 72 ---
110
Statutory Reports
MCX Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
(c)  Financial Risks
Imposition or enhancement of statutory costs
Any new tax, increase in a tax, coverage of a tax on new 
activities or a new statut
ory levy may dampen volumes, thereby 
impacting your Company’s pro/f_itability. An unexpected tax 
demand or levy of a fee/ /f_ine may also, likewise, aﬀect your 
Company’s pro/f_itability.
Monetary policy changes
Dur
ing the /f_inancial year 2025–26, the Reserve Bank of India 
(RBI) adapted its monetary polic
y stance to support economic 
growth amid easing in/f_lation. The central bank lowered the repo 
rate to 5.25% by December 2025. This decision was in/f_luenced 
by a notable moderation in consumer price in/f_lation. The RBI 
has now adopted a “wait and watch” neutral stance to navigate 
volatile global economic conditions while securing stability. 
Meanwhile, the war in West Asia, together with anticipation of 
El Nino conditions having implications for the monsoon, can 
jeopardise in/f_lation management in the near to medium term 
– putting pressure on the central bank to raise rates. Changes in 
monetary policy could directly impact your Company’s treasury 
income through impact on yields on /f_ixed-income investments.
(d)  Regulatory Risks
Suspension/ B
an on Trading in Derivative Contracts
Futures contracts on agricultural commodities traded on 
MCX have been subjec
t to suspensions from time to time, the 
last being the suspension on Crude Palm Oil (CPO) Futures. 
Suspended /f_irst on December 20, 2021, the contract has 
been kept on suspension multiple times, the last being till  
March 31, 2027. Before its suspension, MCX CPO Futures had 
clocked an average daily turnover of around `380 crores during 
April-November 2021, hence its suspension resulted in a loss 
in trade volumes and income for the Exchange. Your Company 
faces risks of such abrupt suspensions/ bans on commodity 
derivative contracts in the future too. Such suspensions can 
have direct and indirect consequences. Directly, they result in 
an unexpected and unplanned loss of transaction revenue for 
the Company. Indirectly, they can undermine the con/f_idence 
of market participants in the continuity of other derivative 
contracts as well.
Technical Glitches
A technical glit
ch at the Exchange can cause disruption in trading 
activity
, leading to stringent regulatory actions, including 
liabilities for monetary /f_ines and business restrictions./uni00A0Since the 
exchange platform is heavily dependent on its technological 
systems, any technical glitch can, therefore, have adverse 
regulatory and /f_inancial repercussions.
Adverse Regulatory and Policy Decisions
All aspec
ts of your Company’s operations are subject to 
regulat
ory oversight. Changes in Laws, Regulations, Taxation 
etc., or new Rules, Regulations or Policies may necessitate 
the Company to allocate more resources for compliance, in 
turn increasing operational expenses. This may impede the 
Company’s ability to operate and grow its business. Besides, 
changes in policies or introduction of new policies can also 
compel your Company to signi/f_icantly alter its business strategy, 
involving signi/f_icant costs.
(e)  Technology-related Risks
Migr
ation to New Technology Platform
The new CDP platform comprises the following three oﬀerings:
• T r
ading Platform for Trading and Market Data Feeds
• Frontend applications for Securities Trading
•  Platform for Real-time Clearing, Real-time Risk 
Management, Collateral Management, Settlement, and 
Reporting
MCX has been making sustained investments in both  
technology and human capital, re/f_lecting our long-term 
commitment to resiliency, eﬃciency and regulatory 
alignment. During this period, MCX has continuously invested 
in encompassing infra upgrades, system modernization, 
cybersecurity enhancements, scalability and operational 
continuity in line with evolving business and regulatory 
requirements. The exchange has consistently strengthened its 
human capital in technology, risk management, compliance 
and operations. Continuous training and skill upgradation are 
continuously undertaken to ensure that staﬀ capabilities keep 
pace with technology advancements.
MCX’s Continuous eﬀorts on upgradation/enhancement of 
the Information Technology and related Infrastructure and 
constantly monitoring the performance. With the growth in 
Business MCX has ramped up its technology investments to 
cater to evolving needs. This re/f_lects MCX commitment in 
building long-term sophisticated system to ensure credibility 
and reliability of its system.
Post migration to the new Technology platform on October 
16, 2023, the Exchange has seen signi/f_icant growth in trading 
volumes in subsequent years and the new Technology Platform 
has scaled up to handle these volumes seamlessly. We have also 
enhanced the in-house team capabilities to handle the quality 
assurance, operations and support of the new Technology 
platform.
Our business environment is marked by constant and rapid 
technological advancements. To maintain our competitive 
Management Discussion and Analysis (Contd.)
111
edge, your Company continues to work on upgrades, 
enhancemen
ts and improve the performance, capacity, 
scalability, accessibility and features of our trading and clearing, 
systems and technologies.
Vulnerability to obsolescence and cyber-attacks
The suc
cessful operations of your Company’s business and 
operations ar
e dependent in part on the use and deployment of 
technology. However, technology is susceptible to obsolescence 
and increasing cyber-attacks from across the globe. To continue 
to be the ‘Exchange of choice’ to its stakeholders, your Company 
needs to continuously update and upgrade technology 
infrastructure, connectivity, continuously assess security 
posture and invest in cutting edge security solutions.
(f) Reputational Risk 
 T
he Exchange proactively manages reputational risk through 
robust cor
porate governance, strict regulatory compliance, 
transparency and timely disclosures, and eﬀective grievance 
redressal mechanisms. Regular stakeholder engagement, 
prompt communication protocols and market surveillance 
further reinforce participants trust and safeguard Exchange 
reputation.
RISK MITIGATION PLAN
Your Company regularly reviews the risks it faces and takes 
appropr
iate action to minimize the likelihood of such 
occurrences or their impact.
Your Company, being the market leader, has been seeking to 
expand the overall market by introducing new products and 
bringing more participants. Further, your Company believes 
in introducing products after thorough market research 
and feedback and intends to capitalize on its large network 
and physical market connect. This gives your Company a 
competitive edge over others and helps to meet challenges 
posed by competitors. Further, your Company has been seeking 
to diversify its product basket, by adding more products in 
futures, as well as options across commodity segments. A well-
diversi/f_ied product basket should help the Company to counter 
over dependence on single product / segment in prices.
To minimize the eﬀect of interest rate volatility on treasury 
income, your Company continuously monitoring its portfolio to 
be in line with the market trends. Your Company has adopted 
amortization method for investments held till maturity.
As a part of the risk mitigation and containment plan for 
avoiding business disruption, your Company has focused on 
strengthening its core technology infrastructure so that there 
is no single point of failure, thereby, ensuring uninterrupted 
trading operations. MCX’s technology infrastructure is the 
foundation of our business and a key contributor to the 
Exchange’s functioning and development. MCX state-of-the-
art technology infrastructure forms the backbone of your 
exchange operations, driving growth and ensuring market 
continuity. Your core trading platform and mission-critical 
applications are hosted at our Mumbai headquarters. To 
ensure Business continuity, we maintain a fully functional BCP 
site in GIFT City, built to achieve seamless failover and restore 
operations strictly within regulatory Recovery Time Objectives 
(RTO).
Your Company had carried out unannounced live trading twice 
from its DR Site in FY 2025-26 as a part of regulatory compliance. 
All the trading & surveillance operations were carried out from 
the DR Site. Post live trading from DR site, your Company 
recommenced its operations from its Primary Site smoothly.
SETTLEMENT RISK MANAGEMENT
Subsequent to operationalization of MCXCCL in 2018, risk 
management
, clearing and settlement, warehousing functions 
are being undertaken by the clearing corporation. MCXCCL 
ensures that within the regulatory framework, an eﬃcient 
and eﬀective clearing and settlement activity along with an 
eﬀective funds settlement mechanism, commodities delivery 
mechanism are adhered to. Above all, it maintains a robust 
risk management system by levying margins real time and 
to that eﬀect carries out daily stress tests and maintains a 
Settlement Guarantee Fund. Further, it has laid down various 
margin requirements to safeguard members and the ecosystem 
against adverse market movements. It has necessitated all its 
clearing members to have a certain minimum net worth and 
con/f_irm their net worth on a half-yearly basis, which enables 
it to monitor and ensure their /f_inancial strength. It has also 
implemented additional risk mitigation measures as part of 
member monitoring like Margin Shortfall Block Amount, Risk 
Reduction Mode, Square oﬀ Mode, Exposure Free Deposit for 
MTM Shortage, etc.
STRATEGY
Your Company aims to further strengthen its position as a 
leading Exchange in I
ndia and beyond, providing participants 
with a safe and eﬀective platform for price risk management 
and price discovery, by integrating the Exchange’s products and 
services with domestic industry. Your Company also constantly 
looks for new product innovation and development and oﬀers 
state-of-the-art services to all its stakeholders.
Focusing on physical market integration
In pursuit of the vision of 
‘One Nation One Price’ , your Company 
endeavours a
t creating strong benchmark prices for multiple 
commodities through its transparent and trusted platform for 
price discovery. By extending the footprint of the commodity 
derivatives market across the nation, the Exchange also 
endeavours to maintain its position as the Exchange of Choice 
for stakeholders looking for an eﬀective platform to hedge 
their commodity price risks. You company through MCXCCL 
Management Discussion and Analysis (Contd.)

--- page 73 ---
112
Statutory Reports
MCX Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
maintains approved depository and clearing facilities in several 
other major industrial zones.
To make the Exchange’s bullion derivative contracts more 
relevant to the physical market players and in line with the 
broader national objective of ‘Atmanirbhar Bharat’ , your 
Company established Good Delivery norms for BIS standard 
gold in March 2021, and embarked upon the path of recognizing 
domestic bullion re/f_iners for good delivery of gold bars against 
Gold Mini (100 grams) Futures contracts. The initiative aims to 
ensure high standards of quality, purity, re/f_ining practices within 
India and delivery assurance for gold traded on the Exchange, 
thereby enhancing market con/f_idence and supporting eﬃcient 
physical settlement. Delivery of 7,783 kgs of Indian re/f_ined gold 
valued at `10,171 crores was successfully seen under this route 
during the year FY 2025-26, out of cumulative total delivery of 
18,578 kg valued at `16,546 crores achieved under India Good 
Delivery, till March 31, 2026.
The success of India Good Delivery norms in gold has 
encouraged the Exchange to create such norms for silver also. 
Accordingly, standards have been drawn and suppliers who 
meet these norms have been invited to be empanelled for MCX 
Good Delivery of silver.
The creation of standards and empanelment of domestic 
re/f_iners reinforces MCX’s commitment towards establishing 
globally aligned bullion standards and promoting transparency, 
trust and eﬃciency in India’s precious metals market.
MCX also added three UAE Good Delivery (UAEGD) standard 
re/f_iners-Al Etihad Gold, Emirates Gold, and Sam Precious 
Metals-to its empanelled list for Gold Mini futures contracts, 
streamlining cross-border bullion integration and bolstering 
trade ties. Launched to reinforce integrity, transparency, and 
responsible sourcing of precious metals, the UAEGD Standard 
acts as a global quality passport, verifying that gold bars 
strictly meet international benchmarks for purity and weight. 
This landmark recognition by MCX allows 100-gram gold bars 
produced by these accredited UAE facilities to be seamlessly 
accepted for physical delivery and settlement on MCX.
The initiative of empanelling local gold re/f_iners was extended 
to local Lead suppliers from March 2022. Lead from the 
empanelled brands, deliverable in ingot form, enhance market 
con/f_idence by ensuring quality assurance, wider participation, 
and eﬃcient physical settlement mechanisms in the Lead 
futures segment on the Exchange. An independent study 
undertaken by IIT Kharagpur concluded that empanelment of 
domestic Lead brands is leading to eﬃcient price discovery of 
the metal, re/f_lecting the domestic market conditions.
Base Metal derivatives contracts have been experiencing 
signi/f_icant deliveries since the transition of their settlement 
to compulsory delivery from the year 2019, underscoring the 
utility of delivery-based contracts in the market landscape and 
the eﬃciency of MCXCCL ’s delivery mechanism. Base Metals 
together witnessed cumulative delivery of 5.6 lakhs tons till 
March 2026, while delivery during the year FY 2025-26 was 
95,782 tons.
Enhancing participation
Your C
ompany has been making all eﬀorts to broaden market 
participation and deepen liquidit
y across commodity derivatives 
contracts by expanding engagement with retail investors, 
small enterprises, corporates, and institutional participants like 
mutual funds, Alternative Investment Funds and Forein Portfolio 
Investors. To strengthen market accessibility and reinforce its 
role in eﬃcient price discovery and risk management within 
the Indian economy, MCX is driving growth through targeted 
product innovation, strengthening trade infrastructure, and 
initiatives at deeper ecosystem integration. Such initiatives 
include launching innovative products like Futures and Options 
on commodity indices, modifying strike prices as per investors’ 
dynamic requirements, introducing sector-speci/f_ic contracts 
suiting electricity consumers and producers. Further, the 
Exchange has been making extensive eﬀorts to mainstream 
commodities in portfolio allocation through intensive outreach 
and investor awareness initiatives.
Expanding product suite
Your C
ompany remains committed to expanding and 
diversifying its produc
t suite in line with evolving market 
requirements and global commodity trends. The Exchange 
continues to explore the introduction of innovative contracts 
across bullion, energy, base metals, agricultural commodities 
and emerging sectors, while also enhancing existing products 
to improve usability and market relevance. Through product 
innovation, contract customization and alignment with 
industry needs, MCX aims to create a more vibrant and inclusive 
commodity derivatives marketplace capable of catering 
to the diverse hedging and investment requirements of 
participants. MCX can strengthen its product suite strategy by 
simultaneously launching innovative contracts and enhancing 
the eﬃciency and relevance of existing products. On the new 
product front, the exchange can introduce derivatives linked 
to emerging sectors such as battery metals, carbon credits, 
freight, and environmental commodities, while also expanding 
participation through index-based commodity products, 
options on commodity indices, and sector-speci/f_ic contracts 
aligned with India’s evolving economic landscape. Expanding 
agricultural derivatives with better warehousing integration 
and regional benchmark contracts can further deepen market 
participation. At the same time, MCX can improve existing 
products by increasing liquidity through market-making 
initiatives, optimizing contract design and lot sizes for wider 
accessibility, extending trading tenures, strengthening price 
dissemination, and aligning speci/f_ications more closely with 
Management Discussion and Analysis (Contd.)
113
industry hedging needs. Enhancing delivery mechanisms, 
int
egrating global best practices, and introducing data analytics 
and risk-management tools can also improve user con/f_idence 
and trading eﬃciency. Together, these measures can help 
MCX build a broader, more liquid, and globally competitive 
commodity derivatives ecosystem while reinforcing India’s 
position in global price discovery.
Focus on strengthening technological and information 
security capabilities
A
s a part of the commitment to our stakeholders and the 
partner ecosy
stem, your Company undertakes proactive audits 
and assessments to strengthen its core processes, cyber security 
posture and adherence to regulatory guidelines.
Your Company has also implemented best in class security 
technologies, continuous threat exposure measures to protect 
the organization from potential internal & external cyber 
threats. Your Company has also prioritized and ensured strong 
data security measures by leveraging latest technologies.
INITIATIVES
Your Company remains committed to strengthening its 
proc
esses and creating products to uphold the trust bestowed 
by its stakeholders. During the year FY 2025-26, your Company 
undertook several initiatives to remain at the forefront of 
product and process innovations and facilitate the development 
of India’s commodity derivatives market.
Launch of new products
In r
esponse to market demand, your Company launched new 
products t
o provide trading and hedging opportunities. In a 
landmark development for India’s energy sector, MCX became 
the /f_irst exchange to launch electricity futures in India, with 
trading of MCX Electricity monthly base load Futures contracts 
commencing on July 10, 2025. Approved by the Securities 
and Exchange Board of India (SEBI) in June 2025, the launch 
of this cash-settled contract marked a critical shift in the 
Indian power market, oﬀering a secure, transparent platform 
for generators, distribution companies (DISCOMs), and large 
industrial consumers to hedge against volatility in electricity 
prices. The contracts are designed to provide a reliable price 
discovery mechanism, particularly necessary for navigating 
seasonal demand /f_luctuations and erratic weather patterns that 
aﬀect power supply and hence electricity prices. By facilitating 
this new derivative instrument, MCX aims to modernize India’s 
energy landscape, reducing the risks associated with price 
/f_luctuations in the short-term spot market and fostering greater 
/f_inancial stability in power procurement.
Further, to deepen the Electricity futures market, MCX 
introduced a Liquidity Enhancement Scheme (LES) for the 
contract, initially for six months, which has now been extended 
till July 09, 2026.
Earlier, MCX launched Gold Ten (10-gram) futures contract, with 
trading commencing on April 01, 2025, aimed at improving 
market accessibility for retail investors and smaller participants. 
This contract provides a cost-eﬀective, smaller-unit alternative 
to the existing 1 kg Gold and 100-gram Gold Mini contracts, 
facilitating easier inventory hedging for jewellers and smaller 
traders. With a compulsory delivery mechanism, the contract 
ensures physical settlement at MCX-accredited vaults, featuring 
a 999 purity standard for the underlying 10 grams of gold.
On June 01, 2026, MCX launched the Silver 100 futures contracts, 
with a lot size of 100 gram silver. The new Silver contract oﬀer an 
accessible entry point to hedgers and investors, complementing 
existing contracts with larger denominations like Silver (30 kg), 
Silver Mini (5 kg) and Silver Micro (1 kg) contracts.
During the year FY 2025-26, MCX also initiated changes to 
its existing commodity portfolio by launching a modi/f_ied 
Nickel futures contract and updating the structure of the 
Cotton futures contract to better align with physical market 
dynamics. Eﬀective August 18, 2025, MCX Nickel contract was 
re-introduced with a re-designed trading unit reduced to 250 
kg (down from 1,500 kg) and 1.5-tonne delivery lot. This revised 
contract is also characterised by a change in its expiry to the 
third Wednesday of the month and Thane as the sole delivery 
centre. Concurrently, addressing the needs of textile mills and 
ginners to streamline trading, the Exchange shifted its Cotton 
futures contract speci/f_ications from a candy-based system to a 
bales-based one. Under the revised structure, the trading unit 
has been adjusted to 25 bales (from 48-candy contracts) to oﬀer 
better hedging mechanisms, with delivery units /f_ixed at 100 
bales. These strategic modi/f_ications re/f_lect a move to align with 
market practices and improve participation of industrial users 
and Value Chain Participants.
Changes to the options strike price intervals
In a mo
ve to manage heightened market volatility and align 
with surging under
lying prices, your Exchange implemented 
changes to the Options strike price intervals for various 
products during the year. Eﬀective January 29, 2026, MCX 
widened the strike price intervals for Silver (30 kg) and Silver 
Mini (5 kg) options on futures to `1,000 from the previous `250. 
This adjustment, aﬀecting both existing and newly launched 
contracts, was prompted by silver surpassing the `4 lakhs 
per kilogram mark, rendering the narrower, earlier intervals 
impractical for eﬀective trading. Shortly after, on January 30, 
2026, similar revisions were applied to Gold and Gold Mini 
options with their strike intervals increased from `100 to  
`500. Furthermore, the Exchange also modi/f_ied the contract 
speci/f_ications-including strike price intervals-for Copper and 
Zinc options in late April 2026, increasing the strike interval 
from `5 to `10 for copper and from `2.5 to `5 for Zinc. These 
revisions during the year, including structural adjustments 
in options contracts, were aimed at aligning the contracts to 
Management Discussion and Analysis (Contd.)

--- page 74 ---
114
Statutory Reports
MCX Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
changed conditions in physical markets and the contracts more 
meaningful for price discovery and risk management during 
volatile market conditions.
Democratising access to institutional-grade gold
MCX re
-aﬃrmed its commitment to market inclusion of retail 
participants b
y facilitating easy and door-step delivery of 
bullion through the Exchange-delivery mechanism. Launched 
in partnership with an MCX Member, the initiative enables 
retail investors to purchase physical gold and silver at live, 
transparent MCX exchange prices, eliminating the markups and 
hidden spreads often found in traditional digital and physical 
gold products. By facilitating the delivery of this product 
through MCX Clearing Corporation Ltd (MCXCCL), every 
purchase is rooted in direct, secure physical settlement of the 
clearing house — ensuring trust and transparency. Investors 
can choose to securely store their assets in MCX-partnered, 
exchange-regulated vaults or request doorstep delivery. This 
initiative, launched on April 29, 2026,  democratizes access 
to institutional-grade bullion trading, bringing the safety 
standards thought to be the domain of large players alone, to 
the /f_ingertips of the common investor.
Outreach initiatives
Your C
ompany has been proactively taking initiatives to raise 
awar
eness among diverse stakeholders about the signi/f_icance 
and advantages of a well-operating, transparent commodity 
derivatives market. The Exchange has also been implementing 
various measures to educate potential hedgers on the need, 
bene/f_its, and mechanisms of price risk management using 
exchange-traded commodity derivatives. During the year FY 
2025-26, your Company launched multiple investor awareness 
campaigns to educate potential investors on investing in 
commodities through exchange-traded derivatives. The 
awareness programmes conducted were in collaboration with 
Exchange Members, media channels, industrial associations, 
banks and brokers associations, among others. The Exchange 
has also been conducting online outreach programmes to 
reach out to distant stakeholders who cannot attend these 
programmes in person to further promote awareness and 
understanding of commodity derivatives.
The details of some of such outreach initiatives are given below:
a)  Your Company conducted 3,051 awareness programmes 
for and in association with various stakeholder groups 
during the year FY 2025-26. In conducting these 
programmes, MCX strategically partnered with industry 
bodies and associations such as ASSOCHAM, ANMI, the 
Commodity & Capital Market Participants Association of 
India (CPAI), The Institute of Chartered Accountants of 
India (ICAI), etc. The Exchange helped local communities 
and farmers by teaming up with development groups 
and trade associations during the year. These included the 
Samunnati Foundation, MASA (Metal & Manufacturing), 
Karnataka Cotton Association, Madhyanchal Cotton 
Ginners and Traders Association, CIMAP , etc. giving 
farmers and manufacturers simple tools to protect their 
businesses. MCX also participated in India Energy Week 
2026, which was supported by the Ministry of Petroleum 
& Natural Gas and organized by the Federation of Indian 
Petroleum Industry (FIPI).
  To reach diﬀerent regions, MCX partnered with local 
business groups such as the Bengal Chamber of Commerce 
and Industry and the Kolkata Chamber of Commerce in the 
East, and the Bhavnagar Metal Merchant Association and 
the Choksi Mahajan Association in the West. The Exchange 
also worked closely with retail and consumer trade groups 
to teach business owners how to manage price risks. This 
was done through joint programmes with major groups 
like the Indian Bullion and Jewellers Association Ltd. (IBJA), 
the All India Gem and Jeweler Domestic Council (GJC), and 
the Madurai Jewelers & Bullion Merchants Association, etc.
b)  MCX conducted 849 events during the year exclusively 
focused on Farmer Producer Organizations (FPOs) and 
farmers. This was done to spread awareness amongst the 
farming community about how price discovery and price 
dissemination by exchanges can enable them to realize 
better prices while selling their agricultural produce. 
Similarly, the Exchange conducted 376 events exclusively 
for women participants during the year.
c)  Under the aegis of SEBI, MCX observed ‘World Investor 
Week’ during October 06, 2025 –October 12, 2025 
spreading awareness and information about investment in 
safe and regulated marketplaces. This was part of a global 
initiative launched by the International Organization of 
Securities Commissions (IOSCO). As many as 115 investor 
awareness programs were conducted by the Exchange 
across the country, apart from undertaking several other 
initiatives for knowledge dissemination through quizzes, 
crosswords, videos, podcasts, etc. Additionally, MCX 
organised of 2 Mega RISA events under the guidance of 
SEBI and in association with other Exchanges at Rajkot 
(Gujarat) and Jaipur (Rajasthan), in order to create 
awareness among various stakeholders.
d)  MCX has extensively used the popular electronic and 
social media channels to A variety of media activities 
were conducted during FY 2025-26 using diﬀerent modes 
such as print, TV, radio, digital, OOH and social media 
campaigns on YouTube, Facebook, LinkedIn, Twitter and 
Instagram with the objective of creating awareness about 
commodity derivatives markets among stakeholders and 
general investors.
Management Discussion and Analysis (Contd.)
115
e)  To delve on the opportunities of participating in 
commodit
y derivatives for /f_inancial institutions, MCX 
organized a dialogue on December 17, 2025, which was 
attended by oﬃcials from SEBI, leaders from /f_inancial 
institutions and market experts. The Commodity Insights 
Yearbook 2025 , an initiative at building knowledge in 
commodity markets, created by MCX Investor Protection 
Fund in association with Indian Institute of Management 
Bangalore, was released during at this special event. 
Earlier, on September 17, 2025, the Exchange conducted 
an event to deliberate and ideate on opportunities in 
the Indian Base Metals derivatives market. Gracing the 
occasion as its Chief Guest, Shri Tuhin Kanta Pandey, 
Chairman - SEBI, outlined his vision on the desired goals 
and paths for achieving a vibrant derivatives market and 
its ecosystem in the country.
f )  To recognize and honor the performance of commodity 
market stakeholders and acknowledge their contribution 
in the growth and development of the Indian commodity 
derivatives market, MCX hosted the Sixth MCX Awards 
June 06, 2025. A large number of awards were given out 
to stakeholders for their outstanding contribution under 
23 diﬀerent categories.
g)  To protect investors from misinformation and frauds, 
especially on electronic and social media channels, your 
Company has been taking up a number of initiatives. MCX 
regularly publishes alerts to caution the public of sources 
providing illegal trading tips or indulging in illegitimate 
transactions. The Exchange has also been requesting 
concerned authorities to close down illegal websites 
where there was misuse of the MCX brand.
Educational Initiatives
Your 
Company regularly engages with educational institutions 
to spread 
knowledge about commodity markets among 
students and academicians. A large number of awareness 
events for the academic community were conducted during the 
year, in partnership with educational institutions. The Exchange 
also conducted the 8 th edition of MCX-IPF COMQUEST, a 
national-level, multi-stage educational quiz on commodity 
markets, culminating in the Grand Finale which was conducted 
on February 27, 2026. Over 12,500 enthusiastic students 
representing over 940 academic institutions from 250 cities 
and towns across India registered for the quiz, which concluded 
with 8 competing /f_inalists battling for the top position, after 
having quali/f_ied at two preliminary rounds.
Cyber Security Awareness Month
MCX observ
ed October 2025 as the Cyber Security Awareness 
Month, an initia
tive under the aegis of Indian Computer 
Emergency Response Team (CERT-In). Activities such as 
mandatory awareness trainings for all employees, Sessions & 
Tabletop Exercises by external experts, trainings by NCIIPC, 
posters & slogan making competitions, quizzes, cyber games, 
awards & recognition etc., were conducted by the Exchange 
throughout the month to create awareness on cyber security 
and enhance preparedness among employees against cyber-
attacks. Being a Critical Information Infrastructure (CII), your 
Company places the highest importance to maintaining cyber 
security and promoting its awareness among all relevant 
stakeholders.
Publications
MCX publishes 
various articles in print media and engages with 
the electronic media t
o create awareness about the bene/f_its of 
the commodity derivatives markets. Oﬃcials of your Company 
write articles on issues relevant for commodity markets which 
are published in publications with wide outreach. Awareness 
is also created about commodity markets, including hedging 
using commodity derivatives, and safe trading, through various 
channels of the electronic media including regional channels.
Apart from the annual ‘Commodity Insights Yearbook’ 
mentioned above, a monthly newsletter ‘MCX Commodity 
Connect’ is widely circulated and uploaded on the website, 
which is another eﬀective tool used to regularly communicate 
with the Exchange’s stakeholders. During the year FY 2025-
26, your Company also published and disseminated thematic 
publications such as ‘Base Metals Derivatives: Serving a `20 
trillion Market’ and ‘Investing in Commodities: A `5 Trillion 
Opportunity for FIs. ’
In addition, various commodity-speci/f_ic brochures providing 
information on hedging, investment, disclosures, etc. are 
published in multiple languages to spread awareness about 
opportunities for hedging and investment in the commodity 
derivatives market.
Research Studies
Your C
ompany took up a number of research studies on various 
themes connect
ed to the commodity derivatives market. 
Details are provided in the Director’s Report section of the 
Annual Report.
OUTLOOK
Over the years, your Company has established itself as a leading 
and reliable pla
tform for eﬃcient price discovery and helping 
investors manage the complex risks associated with commodity 
price volatility. The demand for these services is likely to remain 
at elevated levels in the times to come, which poses a positive 
outlook for your Company.
Assessment of global commodity markets indicate that price 
/f_luctuations are likely to continue in the near future. Several 
key factors contribute to this situation, including geopolitical 
Management Discussion and Analysis (Contd.)

--- page 75 ---
116
Statutory Reports
MCX Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
uncertainties that can lead to sudden shifts in commodity 
availability and pricing, as well as increasingly intense impacts 
of climate change which can disrupt production and supply 
chains in commodities. Additionally, uneven economic growth 
across diﬀerent regions and varying /f_iscal and monetary 
policies implemented by central banks worldwide adds layers 
of complexity to the market landscape and, thereby, volatility in 
commodity prices. In such a volatile environment, eﬀective risk 
management, diversi/f_ication of sourcing and markets, and agile 
business strategies have become more crucial than ever. Market 
participants are increasingly turning to derivative instruments 
for hedging price risks and navigating the uncertainties of the 
economy. This growing culture of proactive risk management 
is encouraging organizations of all sizes to seek solutions from 
hedging platforms such as MCX for eﬀective risk mitigation. 
This evolving trend underscores the importance of strategic risk 
management in today’s markets and presents an opportunity 
for your Company to engage with and support these /f_irms as 
they navigate the challenges of commodity price /f_luctuations. 
Your Company is well-positioned to capitalize on this emerging 
demand.
Economic Growth
The I
ndian economy is likely to continue on its high growth 
traject
ory in the short to medium run. The National Statistical 
Oﬃce (NSO) of India, on February 27, 2026, released its Second 
Advance Estimates of Gross Domestic Product (GDP) for the 
/f_inancial year 2025-26. According to these estimates, the real 
GDP growth rate is estimated at 7.6% in 2025-26, higher than 
the global growth. Further, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI), in 
its Annual Report released in May 2026, projected that India’s 
GDP is expected to grow at 6.9% for the year 2026-27. Strong 
domestic fundamentals, robust rural demand, improved urban 
consumption, and such related factors are expected to support 
expansion of the domestic economy. By strategically aligning 
its services with growing market demand, leveraging the rising 
demand for risk management and other services in a growing 
economy and exploring new opportunities, your Company 
aims to sustain a strong growth trajectory. Your Company’s 
commitment to resilience and proactively picking on the 
emerging opportunities can enable it to capitalize on these 
trends and drive its overall performance.
Establishing Indian Benchmarks for Commodities
As I
ndia continues to be a major consumer and./ or producer of 
many commodities
, MCX remains focused on strengthening its 
transparent and eﬃcient price discovery mechanism that re/f_lect 
all relevant market fundamentals. By enhancing participation 
across a wide cross section of market stakeholders, including 
value chain participants, the Exchange is contributing towards 
the development of credible India-centric benchmark prices 
across key commodities such as gold, silver and base metals. 
India’s signi/f_icant share in global consumption of bullion 
and industrial metals provides strong potential for domestic 
derivatives prices to increasingly in/f_luence regional and global 
trade references. With contract designs that imbibe all relevant 
factors in prices such as costs, duty etc, as well as growing 
liquidity, transparent trading, and deeper market participation, 
derivatives contracts traded on MCX can progressively re/f_lect 
real-time Indian demand-supply dynamics, import costs, 
logistics, currency /f_luctuations and industrial consumption 
trends. The exchange’s continued eﬀorts towards product 
innovation, strengthening delivery-based ecosystems, 
empanelment of internationally recognised re/f_iners/ suppliers 
and warehouses, alignment with global quality standards and 
stronger integration with physical markets are expected to 
further enhance the credibility and acceptance of MCX prices 
as the truly accepted benchmark prices. Over time, sustained 
liquidity, and wider adoption of MCX prices for imports, exports 
and hedging activities would position India as an in/f_luential 
contributor to global commodity price discovery and support 
the evolution of MCX derivatives into globally referenced 
benchmark contracts.
MATERIAL DEVELOPMENTS IN HUMAN RESOURCES
As on March 31, 2026, the Exchange had 478 employees, 
including emplo
yees and management trainees. The Company 
remains committed to attracting, retaining, and nurturing 
talent, while fostering a high-performance and inclusive work 
environment.
Recognizing people as a key driver of organizational success, 
the Exchange continued to focus on employee engagement, 
capability development, and employee well-being through 
various initiatives aimed at strengthening workplace culture 
and enhancing the overall employee experience.
During the year, the Company undertook several employee 
engagement and welfare initiatives, including employee welfare 
programmes, festive celebrations, sports and recreational 
activities, and other employee-centric events designed to 
promote collaboration, well-being, and a sense of belonging 
across the organization.
The Company conducted its annual Employee Satisfaction 
Survey to assess employee sentiment, identify areas for 
improvement, and strengthen organizational eﬀectiveness. The 
insights gathered through the survey continue to support the 
Company’s eﬀorts towards enhancing employee engagement 
and workplace practices.
During FY 2025–26, MCX made signi/f_icant investments in 
building a future-ready workforce through a structured 
Learning & Development strategy aligned to business priorities, 
leadership capability, digital transformation, customer 
Management Discussion and Analysis (Contd.)
117
Management Discussion and Analysis (Contd.)
ex
cellence, and regulatory compliance. The organization 
achieved an ov
erall learning coverage of 95%, with 100% 
coverage of MD reportees and over 95% coverage among 
senior leadership and management cadres. 
Key initiatives included executive leadership development 
programs, AI and digital mindset workshops, customer 
experience excellence, risk culture, governance and 
accountability programs, technical certi/f_ications, and business 
strategy masterclasses. These interventions have strengthened 
the leadership pipeline, enhanced succession readiness, 
fostered a high-performance and customer-centric culture, 
accelerated digital adoption, improved regulatory and 
governance capabilities, and reinforced MCX’s commitment to 
developing internal talent.
The Exchange also organized its Annual Employee Event, 
providing a platform for employees across locations to come 
together, celebrate achievements, and reinforce the Company’s 
values and culture.
Quarterly Townhall Meetings were conducted to facilitate 
transparent communication between leadership and 
employees, enabling the sharing of business updates, strategic 
priorities, and organizational developments.
In addition, MD–Management Connect sessions are organized 
during the year, providing employees other than with an 
opportunity to engage directly with senior leadership, 
exchange ideas, seek clari/f_ications, and foster an environment 
of openness and collaboration.
An objective performance management framework based on 
Key Result Areas (KRAs) continues to be implemented across all 
levels of the organization to drive accountability, performance 
excellence, and professional development.
The Company continues to leverage its HR portal, “HR-
Connect” , to support employee lifecycle management, 
including training and development, performance evaluation, 
feedback mechanisms, development planning, and the online 
submission of various operational and administrative requests. 
The platform contributes to improved transparency, eﬃciency, 
and employee experience across the organization.
CAUTIONARY STATEMENT
In this annual report some future developments which are 
expec
ted to be implemented have been given. This has been 
done with a view to help investors better understand the 
Company’s future prospects and make informed decisions 
while interacting with the Exchange. This annual report and 
other written and oral statements made from time to time 
may contain such forward looking statements based on 
Management’s current plans and assumptions. It cannot be 
guaranteed that any forward-looking statement will be realized, 
although, we believe, we have been prudent in our plans and 
assumptions. Achievement of future results is subject to risks, 
uncertainties and inaccurate assumptions. Should ‘known’ 
or ‘unknown’ risks or uncertainties materialize, or should the 
underlying assumptions prove inaccurate, actual results could 
vary materially from those anticipated, estimated or projected. 
Investors should bear this in mind when they consider forward-
looking statements. We undertake no obligation to publicly 
update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of 
new information, future events or otherwise.

--- page 76 ---
118
Statutory Reports
MCX Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
ANNEXURE I
Turnover and Open Interest of Commodity Futures Contracts in MCX in FY 2025-26
(A
ll variants of each commodity combined)
0
5,00,000
10,00,000
15,00,000
20,00,000
0
20,000
40,000
60,000
80,000
1,00,000
1,20,000
Open Interest (Kg)
Turnover (` Crores)
Silver
Turnover (` Crores) OI (in KG)
0
100
20
0
300
400
500
0
20
40
60
80
100
Open Interest (MT)
Turnover (` Crores)
Nickel
Turnover (` Crores) OI (MT)
Open Interest (Kg)
Turnover (` Crores)
Gold
Turnover (` Crores) OI (in KG)
2,50,000
2,00,000
1,50,000
1,00,000
0
35,000
30,000
25,000
20,000
15,000
10,000
5,000
0
119
0
5,000
10,000
15,000
20,000
25,000
30,000
35,000
40,000
0
500
1,000
1,50
0
2,000
2,500
3,000
Open Interest (MT)
Turnover (`
  
Crores)
Aluminium
Turnover (` Crores) OI (MT)
0
1,000
2,000
3,000
4,000
5,000
6,000
7,000
8,000
0
50
100
150
200
250
Open Interest (MT)
Turnover (` Crores)
Lead
Turnover (` Crores) OI (MT)
0
20,000
40,000
60,000
80,000
1,00,000
Open Interest (MT)
Turnover (` Crores)
Copper
Turnover (` Crores) OI (MT)
40,000
35,000
30,000
25,000
20,000
15,000
10,000
5,000
0

--- page 77 ---
120
Statutory Reports
MCX Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
0
5,000
10,000
15,000
20,000
25,000
30,000
35,000
40,000
0
500
1,00
0
1,500
2,000
2,500
3,000
Open Interest (MT)
Turnover (` Crores)
Zinc
Turnover (` Crores) OI (MT)
0
10,00,000
20,00,00
0
30,00,000
40,00,000
0
5,000
10,000
15,000
20,000
25,000
30,000
35,000
Open Interest (Barrels)
Turnover (` Crores)
Crude Oil
Turnover (` Crores) OI (Barrels)
0
2,00,00,000
4,00,00,00
0
6,00,00,000
8,00,00,000
10,00,00,000
0
2,000
4,000
6,000
8,000
10,000
12,000
14,000
Open Interest (mmBtu)
Turnover (` Crores)
Natural Gas
Turnover (` Crores) OI (mmBtu)
121
0
1
2
3
4
0
6000
Open Interest (Candy)
OI (Candy)
0
50
100
150
200
250
300
350
0
5
10
15
20
25
Open Interest (MT)
Turnover (` Crores)
Turnover (` Crores) OI (MT)
0
100
200
300
400
500
600
0
1
2
3
4
Open Interest (Bales)
Turnover (` Crores)
Turnover (` Crores) OI (Bales)
Cotton - Bales
Cott
on - Candy
Turnover (` Crores)
Turnover (` Crores)
Mentha Oil

--- page 78 ---
122
Statutory Reports
MCX Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
0.0
1.0
2.0
3.0
4.0
5.0
6.0
7.0
Open Interest (KG)
Turnover (` Crores)
Cardamom
Turnovoer (` Cro re) OI (KG)
35,000
30,000
25,000
20,000
15,000
10,000
5,000
0
Sep-2025 Nov-2025 Jan-2026 Mar-2026Jul-2025
Open Interest (MWh)
Turnover (` Crores)
Electricity
Turnover (` Crores) OI (MWh)
1,40,000
1,20,000
1,00,000
80,000
60,000
40,000
20,000
0
Jul-2025 Sep-2025 Nov-2025 Jan-2026 Mar-2026
250
200
150
100
50
0
123
0
5,000
10,000
15,000
20,000
25,000
30,000
35,000
40,000
0
5,00,000
10,00,00
0
15,00,000
20,00,000
25,00,000
OI (in KG)
Turnover (` Crores)
Turnover (` Crores) OI (in KG)
0
2,00,000
4,00,000
6,00,000
8,00,000
10,00,000
12,00,00
0
14,00,000
16,00,000
18,00,000
0
2,00,000
4,00,000
6,00,000
8,00,000
10,00,000
12,00,000
14,00,000
OI (in KG)
Turnover (` Crores)
Turnover (` Crores) OI (in KG)
Lorem ipsum
0
500
1,000
1,50
0
2,000
2,500
0
20
40
60
80
100
120
140
160
180
OI (in MT)
Turnover (` Crores)
Turnover (` Crores) OI (MT)
Notional Turnover and Open Interest of Commodity Options Contracts in MCX in FY 2025-26
(A
ll variants of each commodity combined)

--- page 79 ---
124
Statutory Reports
MCX Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
0
50,00,000
1,00,00,000
1,50,00,000
2,00,00,000
2,50,00,000
3,00,00,000
3,50,00,000
0
2,00,000
4,00,000
6,00,000
8,00,000
10,00,000
12,00,000
14,00,000
OI (in Barrels)
Turnover (` Crores)
Turnover (` Crores) OI (barrels)
0
10,00,00,000
20,00,00,000
30,00,00,000
40,00,00,000
50,00,00,000
60,00,00,000
0
50,000
1,00,000
1,50,000
2,00,000
2,50,000
3,00,000
3,50,000
4,00,000
4,50,000
5,00,000
OI ( in mmBtu)
Turnover (` Crore)
Turnover (` Crores) OI (mmBtu)
0
5,000
10,000
15,000
20,000
25,000
30,000
35,000
40,000
45,000
50,000
OI (in MT)
Turnover (` Crores)
Turnover (` Crores) OI( MT)
70,000
60,000
50,000
40,000
30,000
20,000
10,000
0
125
A detailed Report on Corporate Governance for the Financial 
Year 
(FY) 2025-26, in terms of the applicable provisions of 
Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (hereinafter 
referred to as ‘SEBI Listing Regulations, 2015’), demonstrating 
the Company’s accountability to its stakeholders is set out 
hereunder.
1.  COMPANY’S PHILOSOPHY ON CORPORATE 
GOVERNANCE:
 
 We, at Multi Commodity Exchange of India Limited 
(hereinaft
er referred to as ‘the Company’ or ‘Your 
Company’ or ‘MCX’), believe in adopting and adhering 
to the best recognized corporate governance practices 
and continuously benchmarking ourselves against such 
Practices.
  The philosophy of your Company on Corporate Governance 
is to ensure transparency, accountability, integrity and 
equity in all its operations, provide disclosures, and enhance 
stakeholder value without compromising in any way on 
compliance with the applicable laws and regulations.
  MCX understands and respects its role and responsibility 
towards its stakeholders and strives hard to meet their 
expectations. Our corporate governance practices are 
re/f_lection of our value system encompassing our culture, 
policies, and relationships with our stakeholders. Integrity 
and transparency are key to our corporate governance 
practices to ensure that we gain and retain the trust of our 
stakeholders at all times.
  The Company with the intention to have the best 
corporate governance practices has also adopted the 
Code of Conduct for Board of Directors and Key Managerial 
Personnel, Code of Conduct for Prevention of Insider 
Trading and Code of Practices and Procedures for Fair 
Disclosures of Unpublished Price Sensitive Information.
  The Company fully complies with the corporate 
governance requirements stipulated under Regulations 17 
to 27, read with Schedule V and Regulation 46 of Securities 
and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015. (“SEBI Listing 
Regulations”), as applicable. Further, in compliance with 
Regulation 46(2) of the SEBI Listing Regulations, the 
Company Maintains a separate section on the website 
of the Company for necessary disclosures under the 
aforesaid regulations which can be accessed https://www.
mcxindia.com/investor-relations/corporate-governance
  During the year under review, the Company complied 
with Secretarial Standard-1 and Secretarial Standard-2 
relating to “Meetings of the Board of Directors” and 
“General Meetings” , respectively.
Corporate Governance Report
2. BO
ARD OF DIRECTORS:
(A) Composition of the Board:
  The Company being a Market Infrastructure Institute (“MII”), 
is go v
erned by the Securities Contracts (Regulations) 
(Stock Exchanges and Clearing Corporations) Regulations, 
2018 (“SECC Regulations”). According to these Regulations, 
the Governing Board of the Company shall comprise of:
 a)  Public Interest Directors (“PID”) - PIDs are the 
independent director representing the interests 
of investors in securities market and who are not 
having any association, directly or indirectly, which 
in the opinion of the Securities and Exchange Board 
of India (“SEBI”), con/f_licts with his/her role.
 b)  Non-Independent Directors (“NIDs”)- NIDs are the 
directors elected or nominated by the shareholders 
who are neither trading members nor clearing 
members or their associates and agents.
 c)  Managing Director (“MD”) and Executive Directors 
(“EDs”) - The Managing Director and Executive 
Directors are included in the category of Non-
Independent Directors.
  All appointments of Directors have been duly approved 
by SEBI. While SEBI has the authority to appoint up to 
three nominee directors, there are currently no such 
appointments in place.
  As on March 31, 2026, the Board composition of MCX is 
in compliance with the requirements of all the applicable 
laws viz. the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”), SEBI Listing 
Regulations, 2015’ and the SECC Regulations i.e. the 
number of PIDs are not less than the number of NIDs 
with the MD and EDs classi/f_ied under the category of 
NIDs. Furthermore, all the Directors of the Company are 
/f_it and proper persons in terms of Regulation 20 of SECC 
Regulations.
  MCX Board features eminent individuals having strong 
emphasis on ensuring diversity within the Board extending 
to aspects such as experience, knowledge, gender, 
age and culture. The members of the Board are highly 
quali/f_ied, bringing essential skills and expertise in areas 
such as capital markets, /f_inance and accountancy, legal 
and regulatory practice, technology, risk management 
and management or administration.
  The said composition of the Board was in compliance with 
the Act, Listing Regulations and SECC Regulations.
  As on March 31, 2026, the Board has 8 (Eight) directors, of 
which 5 (/f_ive) were Public Interest Directors, 3 (three) Non-
Independent Directors one of whom serves as MD & CEO 
i.e. Ms. Praveena Rai, MD & CEO. Except for the MD & CEO, 

--- page 80 ---
126
Statutory Reports
MCX Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
all other Directors including the Chairman of the Board are 
Non-Executive Directors.
  As on the date of this Report of Corporate Governance 
the Company has appointed Executive Directors (“EDs”) 
for Vertical (Critical Operations), Vertical (Regulatory, 
Compliance, Risk Management, and Investor Grievances). 
  Changes in composition during the Y ear and 
thereaft
er:
 •  Ms. Sonu Bhasin was re-appointed as PID for a 
second ter
m of 3 years w.e.f. September 17, 2025. 
She shall not be liable to retire by rotation as per the 
extant regulations.
 •  Mr. Ashutosh Vaidya was re-appointed as PID for a 
second term 3 years w.e.f. September 17, 2025. He 
shall not be liable to retire by rotation as per the 
extant regulations.
 •  Mr. Arvind Kathpalia, NID who was liable to retire by 
rotation at the 23 rd Annual General Meeting (“AGM”) 
was re-appointed by the shareholders at the 23 rd 
AGM held on September 12, 2025.
 •  Mr. Santosh Kumar Mohanty was appointed as PID 
for /f_irst term of 3 years w.e.f. May 28, 2026.
 •  Mr. Sanjay Rajpal was appointed as Executive Director 
(Critical Operations) for a term of 5 years w.e.f. June 
30, 2026. He shall not be liable to retire by rotation, in 
accordance with the applicable provisions of law. His 
appointment is placed before the shareholders for 
rati/f_ication through Postal Ballot dated July 15, 2026.
 •  Mr. Manoj Kumar Jain was appointed as Executive 
Director (Regulatory, Compliance, Risk Management, 
and Investor Grievances) for a term of 5 years 
w.e.f. June 01, 2026. He shall not be liable to retire 
by rotation, in accordance with the applicable 
provisions of law. His appointment is placed before 
the shareholders for rati/f_ication through Postal Ballot 
dated July 15, 2026.
(B)  Number of Board Meetings held, the dates thereof, 
and the informa
tion provided to the Board:
  The Board Meetings are convened to consider matters 
critical to the business of the C
ompany, including 
important policy issues, compliance with regulatory 
stipulations etc. Except in case of emergency meetings, 
convened to take care of exigencies of business, the 
Company gives adequate notice of meetings to the 
Board of Directors. The meetings held at a shorter notice 
were attended by adequate number of Independent 
Directors and were in compliance with the provisions 
of the Companies Act, 2013 and Securities Contracts 
(Regulation) (SECC Regulations). During the FY 2025-26, 
24 (Twenty-Four) meetings of the Board of Directors were 
held. The gap between any two successive meetings did 
not exceed one hundred and twenty days. Further, video-
conferencing facilities were also provided to facilitate 
Directors travelling/residing abroad or at other locations 
to participate in the meetings. The said Board meetings 
were held on. April 27, 2025, May 08, 2025, May 23, 2025, 
June 02, 2025, June 06, 2025, July 31, 07, 2025, August 01, 
2025, August 06, 2025, September 05, 2025, September 
30, 2025, October 13, 2025, October 29, 2025, October 31, 
2025, November 06, 2025, November 13, 2025, December 
02, 2025, December 15, 2025, January 06, 2026, January 
23, 2026, January 26, 2026, February 09, 2026, February 20, 
2026, March 05, 2026 and March 06, 2026.
  For certain matters, the Board’s approval was taken by 
passing resolution/s through circulation, as permitted by 
law, which were noted in the subsequent meeting(s) of 
the Board of Directors.
  During the /f_inancial year under review, the information 
mentioned in Part A of Schedule II of the SEBI Listing 
Regulations, 2015, was placed before the Board, from time 
to time, for their consideration, to the extent applicable 
and deemed appropriate by the Management. This 
information was made available as a part of the agenda or 
only in exceptional cases, tabled at the Board Meeting(s).
Corporate Governance Report (Contd.)
127
  The following table illustrates composition of the Board, the category of each director, the number of Board Meetings attended 
during the y
ear, attendance at the last AGM, number of directorship(s) in other companies, names of listed entities where he/she 
is a director, chairmanship(s) and membership(s) of Committees held by him/her in other public limited companies as on March 
31, 2026:
Sr. 
No.
Name and 
DIN of the 
Director
Category of 
Directorship
Board Meetings Attendance 
at the 
last AGM 
held on 
September 
12, 2025
Number of 
Directorship(s) 
in other 
Companies (*) 
as on March 
31, 2026
Names of other 
listed entities 
where serving as a 
Director (**) as on 
March 31, 2026
Chairmanship(s) and 
Membership(s) of 
Board Committees in 
other Companies (***) 
as on March 31, 2026
Held Attended Chairman Member
1.  Dr. Harsh 
Kumar 
Bhanwala 
(DIN: 
06417704)
Chairman, 
Non-
Executive, 
Public Interest 
Director
24 24 Yes 1 1.  HDFC Bank 
Limited
0 1
2. Mr. Ashutosh 
Vaidya (DIN: 
06751825)
Non-
Executive, 
Public Interest 
Director
24 24 Yes - - 0 0
3. Mr. Chandra 
Shekhar 
Verma (DIN: 
00121756)
Non-
Executive, 
Public Interest 
Director
24 24 Yes 5 1.  SML Mahindra 
Limited
2.  IKIO 
Technologies 
Limited
3.  Shyam 
Metalics 
and Energy 
Limited
4.  Welspun 
Corp. Limited
3 1
4. Ms. Sonu 
Bhasin (DIN: 
02872234)
Non-
Executive, 
Public Interest 
Director
24 24 Yes 6 1.  Travel Food 
Services 
Limited
2.  Triveni 
Turbine 
Limited
3.  Berger Paints 
India Limited
4.  NIIT Limited
5.  Nippon Life 
India Asset 
Management 
Limited
3 7
5. Dr. Navrang 
Saini (DIN: 
09650867)
Non-
Executive, 
Public Interest 
Director
24 24 Yes - - - -
Corporate Governance Report (Contd.)

--- page 81 ---
128
Statutory Reports
MCX Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
Sr. 
No.
Name and 
DIN of the 
Director
Category of 
Directorship
Board Meetings Attendance 
at the 
last AGM 
held on 
September 
12, 2025
Number of 
Directorship(s) 
in other 
Companies (*) 
as on March 
31, 2026
Names of other 
listed entities 
where serving as a 
Director (**) as on 
March 31, 2026
Chairmanship(s) and 
Membership(s) of 
Board Committees in 
other Companies (***) 
as on March 31, 2026
Held Attended Chairman Member
6. Mr. Arvind 
Kathpalia 
(DIN: 
02630873)
Non-
Executive, 
Non-
Independent 
Director
24 24 Yes 1 - - -1
7. Mr. Mohan 
Narayan 
Shenoi (DIN: 
01603606)
Non-
Executive, 
Non-
Independent 
Director
24 24 Yes 1 - - 1
8. Ms. Praveena 
Rai (DIN: 
09474203)
MD & CEO 24 24 Yes - - - -
None of the Directors of your Company are inter-se related to each other. None of the Director hold any equity shares of the Company as on March 31, 
2026 except Mr. Arvind Kathpalia, Non-Independent Director who holds 8 (eight) equity shares.
* For calculation of number of other Directorship as per Regulation 17A of Listing Regulations, MCX and other Companies i.e. private limited companies, 
foreign companies and section 8 companies under the Act are not considered.
**All Directors are Non-Executive Directors in other listed Company.
***For the purpose of determination of committee position, Chairmanship and Membership of the Audit Committee and Stakeholders’ Relationship 
Committee of Indian Public Limited Companies has been considered as per Regulation 26 (1) (b) of SEBI Listing Regulations, 2015.
The number of Directorship(s), Committee Membership(s)/Chairmanship(s) of all Directors is within the respective limits prescribed under the Act and 
the SEBI.
(C) Independent Directors:
  
The appointment of Independent Directors (also referred 
as ‘Public 
Interest Directors’) are approved by SEBI on the 
recommendation of Board of Directors of the Company in 
accordance with the provisions of the SECC Regulations  
and the guidelines/directions/circulars etc. issued by SEBI in 
this regard. The Independent Directors have considerable 
experience and varied expertise in their respective /f_ield/
profession, which they bring to all the deliberations at the 
Board/Committee meetings. The Company issues a formal 
letter of appointment to all Independent Directors which, 
inter-alia, sets out the expectation of the Board from the 
Directors so appointed, their /f_iduciary duties and the 
accompanying liabilities. The terms and conditions of their 
appointment have been disclosed on the website of the 
Company. The Independent Directors are complying with 
the provisions relating to limit of directorships as required 
under Regulation 17A of the SEBI Listing Regulations, 
2015.
  Each Independent Director, at the /f_irst meeting of the 
Board in which he/she participates as a Director post 
appointment, and thereafter at the /f_irst meeting of the 
Board in every /f_inancial year, gives a declaration that he/
she meets the criteria of independence as laid down under 
Section 149(6) of the Companies Act, 2013 and Regulation 
16(1)(b) and 25(8) of the SEBI Listing Regulations, 2015. 
The Board has received declarations from the Independent 
Directors and in its opinion, the Independent Directors 
satisfy the criteria of independence as speci/f_ied in the SEBI 
Listing Regulations, 2015, SECC Regulations, 2018 as well 
as the Act, and are independent of the management.
  The meetings of the Independent Directors’ Committee/
Public Interest Directors’ Committee were held on May 07, 
2025, September 12, 2025, and March 06, 2026.
(D) Familiarization Program for Directors:
  
The Company had arranged for a familiarization program 
for the Direc
tors to familiarize them with a comprehensive 
understanding of the Company’s business, operations and 
regulatory environment. Updates on relevant business 
strategy, performance of the Company, Regtech & Suptech, 
Digital Personal Data Protection, Cyber Security & Cyber 
Resilience Framework, Governance & Disclosures, etc. 
Also updates on statutory changes and important letters 
received from SEBI are regularly placed before the Board/
Committee, as the case may be. The Board is regularly 
updated on the regulatory changes, its applicability to the 
Company and the compliance status thereof.
Corporate Governance Report (Contd.)
129
In accordance with SEBI SECC Regulations, 2018, the recognized 
stock e
xchange and recognized clearing corporation shall 
provide at least seven days of training to all directors each year.
The details of familiarization program conducted for Directors 
during FY 2025-26 attended by the Directors has been posted 
on the website of the Company at https://www.mcxindia.com/
docs/default-source/investor-relations/corporate-governance/
familiarisation-programme-2025-26.pdf?sfvrsn=ae8fd80c_2
(E)  Compliance repors of applicable laws:
  
The Board periodically reviews the compliance certi/f_icate 
placed befor
e it by MD & CEO aﬃrming compliance 
to all laws applicable to the Company, backed up with 
con/f_irmations furnished by the respective heads of 
departments, as well as, steps taken by the Company to 
rectify instances of non-compliances, if any.
(F) Code of Conduct:
  
The Company has formulated and implemented a 
comprehensiv
e Policy on Code of Conduct for the 
governing Board, Directors, Committee Members, and 
Key Managerial Personnel (KMP) of the Company, as 
required under the applicable laws which is available on 
the website of the Company at https://www.mcxindia.
com/investor-relations/corporate-governance . The Board 
Members and KMPs aﬃrm compliance with the Code of 
Conduct at the time of their appointment and thereafter 
on an annual basis. Further, all employees of the Company, 
at the time of joining, undertake to abide by the Code of 
Conduct of the Company.
  The declaration by the MD & CEO, as required under 
Regulation 34(3) read with Schedule V(D) of the SEBI 
Listing Regulations, 2015, stating that the members of 
the Board of Directors and Key Managerial Personnel have 
aﬃrmed compliance with the Code of Conduct for the FY 
2025-26 and forms part of this Annual Report.
(G)  Code of Conduct for Prevention of Insider Trading and 
Code of P
ractices & Procedures for Fair Disclosure of 
Unpublished Price Sensitive Information:
  Pursuant to the provisions of Securities and Exchange 
Board of I
ndia (Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations, 
2015 (as amended from time to time), the Company has 
formulated a Policy on Code of Conduct for Prevention 
of Insider Trading (“Insider Trading Code”) and Code of 
Practices and Procedures for fair disclosure of Unpublished 
Price Sensitive Information (“UPSI”). The above Codes are 
available on the website of the Company at https://www.
mcxindia.com/investor-relations/corporate-governance . 
Further, the Company has also formulated a ‘Policy for 
inquiry in case of leak or suspected leak of UPSI’ .
(H) Directors’ Remuneration and Shareholding:
 i. 
Remuneration of the Executive Directors and their Shareholding
  The aggregate value of salary and perquisites paid/payable during the year:
Particulars Ms. P raveena Rai 
(MD & CEO) 
(Amount in `)
Remuneration
Fix
ed Component:
Salary and allowances 3,42,79,678.00
Monetary value of perquisites 14,77,665.00
Retiral Bene/f_its PF 21,88,065
Variable Component:
Bonus/Incentive/ Variable pay 32,38,338
Total 4,11,83,746
Gross Total 4,11,83,746
Directors Sitting Fees for FY 2025-26 N.A.
Shareholding as at March 31, 2026 (in Nos.) N.A.
   Note: In terms of the provisions of the SECC Regulations, 2018, 50% of the variable pay to Key Management Personnel is to 
be paid on a deferred basis after 3 years.
Corporate Governance Report (Contd.)

--- page 82 ---
130
Statutory Reports
MCX Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
   In terms of the provisions of the SECC Regulations, 2018, ESOPs and other equity linked instruments in the Stock Exchange 
shall not be oﬀered or provided as part of the compensation for the Key Management Personnel. Accordingly, the MD & 
CEO, being a KMP is not granted any ESOPs by the Company.
   Further, the Managing Director of a recognized stock exchange shall not be a shareholder or an associate of a shareholder 
of a recognized stock exchange or recognized clearing corporation or shareholder of an associate of a recognized stock 
exchange or recognized clearing corporation, as the case may be.
   Remuneration paid to the Non-Executive Directors for attending the Board and Committee Meetings during the year 
ended March 31, 2026 and their shareholding as at March 31, 2026 is as below:
Name of the Director Gr oss Sitting Fees (Amount in `) Outstanding Stock 
options (in Nos.)
Shareholding in the 
Company as at March 
31 2026 (in Nos.)
Board Meetings Committee 
Meetings
Dr. Harsh Kumar Bhanwala 24,00,000 36,75,000 N.A. NIL
Mr. Ashutosh Vaidya 24,00,000 35, 00,000 N.A. NIL
Mr. Chandra Shekhar Verma 24,00,000 32,25,000 N.A. NIL
Ms. Sonu Bhasin 24,00,000 42,00,000 N.A. NIL
Mr. Arvind Kathpalia 24,00,000 32,75,000 N.A. 8
Mr. Mohan Shenoi 24,00,000 36,50,000 N.A. NIL
Dr. Navrang Saini 24,00,000 30,75,000 N.A. NIL
   There were no pecuniary relationships or transactions between the Non-Executive Directors and the Company during FY 
2025-26, except for sitting fees paid to the Non-Executive Directors.
   The sitting fees paid to the Non-Executive Directors including the Independent Directors is within the limits prescribed 
under the Act. The criteria of making payments to Non-Executive Directors is available on the website of the Company at 
https://www.mcxindia.com/investor-relations/corporate-governance.
   Pursuant to the provisions of SECC Regulations, Independent External Experts are appointed on certain Statutory 
Committees of the Board. The Board/respective Committees may also induct Experts on other Committees as may be 
permitted under applicable regulations, where it is considered appropriate for value addition/smooth functioning. The 
Experts were entitled to the same sitting fees as the Non- Executive Directors for attending the Committee Meetings during 
FY 2025-26.
(I) Matrix of Skills/Expertise/Competence of the Board of Directors:
  
The Board of Director has identi/f_ied the following skills required as per the regulation 23 (14) (a) of amended SECC Reg. 2018:
 • C
apital Markets;
 • Finance and Accountancy;
 • Legal and Regulatory practice;
 • Technology;
 • Risk Management;
 • Management or Administration.
Name of the Directors Capital 
M
arkets
Finance and 
Accountancy
Legal and 
Regulatory 
practice
Technology Risk 
Management
Management or 
Administration
Dr. Harsh Kumar Bhanwala (PID)   
Mr. Ashutosh Vaidya, (PID)   
Mr. Chandra Shekhar Verma, (PID)     
Ms. Sonu Bhasin (PID)    
Dr. Navrang Saini (PID)      
Corporate Governance Report (Contd.)
131
Name of the Directors Capital 
M
arkets
Finance and 
Accountancy
Legal and 
Regulatory 
practice
Technology Risk 
Management
Management or 
Administration
Mr. Arvind Kathpalia (NID)     
Mr. Mohan Narayan Shenoi (NID)   
Ms. Praveena Rai 
(MD & CEO)
     
(J)  The Company has formulated the criteria for performance evaluation of individual Directors, Independent External 
Experts
, Chairperson of the Board, Board Committees and the Board as a whole. The annual evaluation process and the 
criteria for the same are set out in the Directors’ Report.
3. BOARD COMMITTEES:
  
The Board has constituted 10 (Ten) Statutory Committees 
in accor
dance with the provisions of the Act, the SEBI Listing 
Regulations, 2015 the SECC Regulations, 2018 and the 
circulars, guidelines etc. issued thereunder. For eﬀective 
exercise of its powers and to enable detailed review of 
matters, the Board has constituted/may constitute other 
non-statutory Committees as well. These Committees are 
re-constituted from time to time, wherever necessary.
  The Chairman of the Board/Chairman of the respective 
Committees, in consultation with the MD & CEO, determine 
the schedule for the Committee Meetings in accordance 
with Company’s Policy for Frequency of Committee 
Meetings framed pursuant to the provisions of SECC 
Regulations. The minutes of all the Committee Meetings 
are placed at its subsequent meeting for con/f_irmation 
and before the Board for its noting. The recommendations 
of the Committees are placed before the Board for 
approval, wherever required. During the Financial Year, all 
mandatory recommendations made by the Committees, 
were accepted by the Board.
  The details with respect to the composition, terms of 
reference, meetings and attendance for Audit Committee, 
Nomination and Remuneration Committee, Stakeholders’ 
Relationship Committee and Risk Management 
Committee are given below:
 AUDIT COMMITTEE:
  
The terms of reference of the Audit Committee shall be as 
follow
s, and shall include such other functions as may be 
prescribed in the Act and SEBI Listing Regulations, 2015 
and/or such other applicable laws, Rules, Regulations 
Guidelines and Circulars as issued or amended from time 
to time:
 i.  recommendation for appointment, remuneration 
and terms of appointment of auditors of the 
Company;
 ii.  review and monitor the auditor’s independence and 
performance, and eﬀectiveness of audit process;
 iii.  examination of the /f_inancial statement and the 
auditors’ report thereon;
 iv.  granting approval / omnibus approval, subject 
to conditions as may be prescribed under any 
applicable laws, regulations, guidelines, or any 
subsequent modi/f_ication of transactions of the 
Company with related parties;
  In case of transaction, other than transactions referred 
to in section 188 of Companies Act, 2013, and where 
Committee does not approve the transaction, it shall 
make its recommendations to the Board:
  Also, in case any transaction involving any amount not 
exceeding one crore rupees is entered into by a director 
or oﬃcer of the Company without obtaining the approval 
of the Committee and it is not rati/f_ied by the Committee 
within three months from the date of the transaction, 
such transaction shall be voidable at the option of the 
Committee:
 v. scrutiny of inter-corporate loans and investments;
 vi.  valuation of undertakings or assets of the Company, 
wherever it is necessary;
 vii.  evaluation of internal /f_inancial controls and risk 
management systems;
 viii.  monitoring the end use of funds raised through 
public oﬀers and related matters.
 ix.  review the /f_inancial statements, in particular, the 
investments made by unlisted subsidiary.
  The role of the audit committee and the information to be 
reviewed by the Audit Committee shall be as speci/f_ied in 
the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015 or as may be amended 
from time to time.
Corporate Governance Report (Contd.)

--- page 83 ---
132
Statutory Reports
MCX Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
 The role of the audit committee shall include the following:
 (1)  oversight of the listed entity’s /f_inancial reporting 
process and the disclosure of its /f_inancial information 
to ensure that the /f_inancial statement is correct, 
suﬃcient and credible;
 (2)  recommendation for appointment, remuneration 
and terms of appointment of auditors of the listed 
entity;
 (3)  approval of payment to statutory auditors for any 
other services rendered by the statutory auditors;
 (4)  reviewing, with the management, the annual 
/f_inancial statements and auditor’s report thereon 
before submission to the board for approval, with 
particular reference to:
  (a)  matters required to be included in the director’s 
responsibility statement to be included in the 
board’s report in terms of clause (c) of sub-
section (3) of Section 134 of the Companies Act, 
2013;
  (b)  changes, if any, in accounting policies and 
practices and reasons for the same;
  (c)  major accounting entries involving estimates 
based on the exercise of judgment by 
management;
  (d)  signi/f_icant adjustments made in the /f_inancial 
statements arising out of audit /f_indings;
  (e)  compliance with listing and other legal 
requirements relating to /f_inancial statements;
  (f )  disclosure of any inter party transactions;
  (g) modi/f_ied opinion(s) in the draft audit report;
 (5)  reviewing, with the management, the quarterly 
/f_inancial statements before submission to the board 
for approval;
 (6)  reviewing, with the management, the statement of 
uses / application of funds raised through an issue 
(public issue, rights issue, preferential issue, etc.), the 
statement of funds utilized for purposes other than 
those stated in the oﬀer document / prospectus / 
notice and the report submitted by the monitoring 
agency monitoring the utilization of proceeds of 
a public issue or rights issue or preferential issue 
or quali/f_ied institutions placement, and making 
appropriate recommendations to the board to take 
up steps in this matter;
 (7)  reviewing and monitoring the auditor’s 
independence and performance, and eﬀectiveness 
of audit process;
 (8)  approval or any subsequent modi/f_ication of 
transactions of the listed entity with related parties;
 (9) scrutiny of inter-corporate loans and investments;
 (10)  valuation of undertakings or assets of the listed 
entity, wherever it is necessary;
 (11)  evaluation of internal /f_inancial controls and risk 
management systems;
 (12)  reviewing, with the management, performance of 
statutory and internal auditors, adequacy of the 
internal control systems;
 (13)  reviewing the adequacy of internal audit function, 
if any, including the structure of the internal audit 
department, staﬃng and seniority of the oﬃcial 
heading the department, reporting structure 
coverage and frequency of internal audit;
 (14)  discussion with internal auditors of any signi/f_icant 
/f_indings and follow up there on;
 (15)  reviewing the /f_indings of any internal investigations 
by the internal auditors into matters where there is 
suspected fraud or irregularity or a failure of internal 
control systems of a material nature and reporting 
the matter to the board;
 (16)  discussion with statutory auditors before the audit 
commences, about the nature concern;
 (17)  to look into the reasons for substantial defaults in 
the payment to the depositors, debenture holders, 
shareholders (in case of non-payment of declared 
dividends) and creditors;
 (18)  to review the functioning of the whistle blower 
mechanism;
 (19)  approval of appointment of chief /f_inancial oﬃcer 
after assessing the quali/f_ications, experience and 
background, etc. of the candidate;
 (20)  Carrying out any other function as is mentioned in 
the terms of reference of the audit committee.
 (21)  reviewing the utilization of loans and/ or advances 
from/investment by the holding company in the 
subsidiary exceeding rupees 100 crores or 10% of 
the asset size of the subsidiary, whichever is lower 
including existing loans / advances / investments 
existing as on the date of coming into force of this 
provision.
Corporate Governance Report (Contd.)
133
 (22)  consider and comment on rationale, cost-bene/f_its 
and impact of schemes in
volving merger, demerger, 
amalgamation etc., on the listed entity and its 
shareholders.
 (23) approve the annual Budget of the Exchange.
   The audit committee shall mandatorily review the 
following information:
  (1)  management discussion and analysis of 
/f_inancial condition and results of operations;
  (3)  management letters / letters of internal control 
weaknesses issued by the statutory auditors;
  (4)  internal audit reports relating to internal 
control weaknesses; and
  (5)  the appointment, removal and terms of 
remuneration of the chief internal auditor shall 
be subject to review by the audit committee.
  (6) statement of deviations:
   (a)  quarterly statement of deviation(s) 
including report of monitoring agency, 
if applicable, submitted to stock 
exchange(s) in terms of Regulation 32(1).
   (b)  annual statement of funds utilized for 
purposes other than those stated in the 
oﬀer document/prospectus/notice in 
terms of Regulation 32(7).
    The Audit Committee shall review compliance 
with the provisions of the Code of Conduct for 
Prevention of Insider Trading of MCX at least 
once in a /f_inancial year and shall verify that 
the systems for internal control are adequate 
and are operating eﬀectively. In case it is 
observed by the Compliance Oﬃcer that there 
has been a violation of the Regulations/Code 
by any person, he/she shall forthwith inform 
the Committee about the violation. The penal 
action will be initiated on obtaining suitable 
directions from the Audit Committee.
    The Audit Committee shall have powers to 
investigate any activity within its terms of 
reference, seek information from any employee, 
obtain outside legal or other professional 
advice and secure attendance of outsiders with 
relevant expertise, if it considers necessary. The 
Committee may also call for the comments of 
the auditors about internal control systems, the 
scope of audit, including the observations of 
the auditors and review of /f_inancial statement 
before their submission to the Board and may 
also discuss any related issues with the internal 
and statutory auditors and the management of 
the Company.
  I. Powers of the Committee:
  
  The Audit Committee has powers to investigate 
any activit
y within its terms of reference, 
seek information from any employee, obtain 
outside legal or other professional advice 
and secure attendance of outsiders with 
relevant expertise, if it considers necessary. The 
Committee may also call for the comments of 
the auditors about internal control systems, the 
scope of audit, including the observations of 
the auditors and review of /f_inancial statement 
before their submission to the Board and may 
also discuss any related issues with the internal 
and statutory auditors and the management of 
the Company.
  II. Role of the Committee:
  
  The role of the Audit Committee and the 
informa
tion to be reviewed by the Audit 
Committee are as speci/f_ied in the SEBI Listing 
Regulations, 2015 (as may be amended from 
time to time).
    Further, the Committee reviews compliance 
with the provisions of the Code of Conduct for 
Prevention of Insider Trading of MCX at least 
once in a /f_inancial year and veri/f_ies that the 
systems for internal control are adequate and 
are operating eﬀectively.
  III.  Composition, meetings and attendance 
during the /f_inancial year:
 
   During the FY 2025-26, 7 (Seven) Audit 
Committee meetings w
ere held and the gap 
between any two successive meetings did not 
exceed one hundred and twenty days. The said 
meetings were held on May 07, 2025, July 25, 
2025, August 01, 2025, November 06, 2025, 
January 23, 2026, February 20, 2026 and March 
06, 2026.
Corporate Governance Report (Contd.)

--- page 84 ---
134
Statutory Reports
MCX Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
  The constitution and the number of meetings attended by the members are as under:
Members Ca tegory Meetings held Meetings attended
Mr. Ashutosh Vaidya Public Interest Director, Chairman of the Committee 7 7
Dr. Harsh Kumar Bhanwala Public Interest Director, Member 7 7
Mr. Mohan Shenoi Non-Independent Director, Member 7 7
Dr. Navrang Saini Public Interest Director, Member 7 7
  MD & CEO, Chief Financial Oﬃcer Partners/ Representatives of the Statutory Auditors and the Internal Auditors are regularly 
invited to participate in Audit Committee meeting to provide their insights and ensure and ensure comprehensive discussions. 
Also, Executives from various departments were invited to attend the Audit Committee Meetings where matters relating to their 
respective departments were discussed. The Company Secretary serves as the Secretary to the Committee.
  All members of the Audit Committee are /f_inancially literate and have adequate accounting and related /f_inancial management 
expertise.
  Mr. Ashutosh Vaidya, Chairman of the Audit Committee, attended the last Annual General Meeting of the Company held on 
September 12, 2025.
  NOMINATION AND REMUNERATION COMMITTEE (NRC):
  
As per the requirements of the Act and SEBI Listing Regulations, 2015 MCX is required to constitute an NRC consisting of three or 
more Non-Executiv
e Directors out of which not less than two- third shall be Independent Directors. The Chairperson of NRC shall 
be diﬀerent from the Chairperson of the Board. However, as per the SECC Regulations read with SEBI Circular no. SEBI/HO/MRD/
MRD-PoD-3/2024/088 dated June 25, 2024, the NRC may include NIDs (other than Executive Director and MD), IEPs along with 
PIDs. IEPs may be part of the committee for the limited purpose of recommendation relating to selection of the MD and EDs.
  As on March 31, 2026 NRC comprised of Mr. C S Verma (PID and the Chairman), Dr. Harsh Kumar Bhanwala (PID), Mr. Ashutosh 
Vaidya (PID), Ms. Sonu Bhasin (PID) and Mr. Mohan Shenoi (NID).
  The scope and functions of the NRC are in accordance with section 178 of the Act, the Listing Regulations and the SECC 
Regulations:
 Terms of Reference:
  The terms of reference of the Committee inter-alia includes:
 (I) Governing Board & its Member related aspects:
  
a.  Scrutinizing and interviewing applicants for selecting the MD of the stock exchange.
  b
.  Adhering and developing a skill evaluation metrics to assess applications of new or existing PIDs and NIDs for their 
appointment and/or reappointment and recommending their names to the Governing Board.
  c.  Ensuring at all times that the governing board comprises of directors with required skill set and expertise in the areas 
as provided in SECC Regulations, 2018.
  d.  Ensure compliance with governing board level skill diversity at the time of appointment, reappointment or extension 
of tenure of PIDs or NIDs.
  e.  Framing & reviewing the policy to carry out internal evaluation of every director’s performance, including that of PIDs.
  f.  Reviewing and recommending extension of the term of appointment and reappointment of existing PIDs.
  g.  Appointment of Independent External Professionals (IEPs).
 (II) KMPs related aspects:
  
h.  Identifying KMPs based on importance of activities carried out by them, including being key decision maker(s) within 
the stock ex
change, other than those speci/f_ically provided under regulation 2(1)(j) of the SECC Regulations, 2018. 
For identifying KMPs, one of the criteria should be, persons (including employees/consultants) drawing annual pay 
higher than any KMP(s).
Corporate Governance Report (Contd.)
135
  i.  Review, at least once a year hierarchical 
set ups acr
oss the departments, in order 
to identify KMPs due to a change in role 
and responsibilities assigned to them. Such 
review should necessarily include, consultants 
reporting to the MD/CEO or ED.
  j.  The appointment and removal of KMPs other 
than resignations.
  k.  Laying down policy for accountability of KMPs. 
Further, mapping legal and regulatory duties 
to the concerned position and Delegation of 
Power (DoP) at various levels.
  l.  Laying down the policy for compensation of 
KMPs in compliance with the compensation 
norms prescribed under SECC Regulations, 
2018 and ensuring that the compensation paid 
to KMPs is as per the compensation policy.
  m.  Framing performance review parameters for 
evaluation of KMPs including that of MD.
  n.  Assess the performance of KMPs based on 
reports submitted by the functional heads/
reporting authority, and observations, if any, 
received from SEBI, and submit such reports to 
the governing board every year.
  o.  Determining the tenure of a KMP , other than a 
director, to be posted in a particular role within 
regulatory, compliance, risk management and 
investor grievance vertical.
  p.  Determining and /f_inalizing the Key Result Areas 
(KRAs) of all KMPs at the beginning of every 
year. Review the same in line with organization 
needs.
  q.  Ensuring that no KMP reports to a non-KMP
 (III) On other organization level related aspects:
  
r.  Ensure that no employee of the stock exchange 
is work
ing or reporting to an employee of any 
other company where the stock exchange has 
invested and vice-versa.
  s.  Ensure that hiring of consultants is based on a 
pre-de/f_ined SOP of the stock exchange.
  t.  Framing, reviewing, implementing and 
monitoring SOP for imposing disciplinary 
actions against employees of stock exchange.
  u.  Besides the above, it will also discharge the 
function as Nomination & Remuneration 
Committee under the Companies Act, 2013 
and SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015 as amended 
from time to time.
  The Company’s Nomination and Remuneration Policy for 
Directors, Key Managerial Personnel and other employees 
is available at the website of the Company at https://www.
mcxindia.com/investor-relations/corporate-governance.
 I.  Composition, meetings and attendance during the /f_inancial year:
  
  During the FY 2025-26, 14 (Fourteen) meetings of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee were held. The said 
meetings wer
e held on May 07, 2025, May 23, 2025, June 02, 2025, June 06, 2025, July 15, 2025, July 31, 2025, September 
05, 2025, September 30, 2025, October 31, 2025, December 02, 2025, January 23, 2026, February 20, 2026, March 05, 2026 
and March 19, 2026.
   The constitution and the number of meetings attended by the members are as under:
Members Ca tegory Meetings held Meetings attended
Mr. C. S Verma Public Interest Director, Chairman of the 
Committee
14 14
Mr. Ashutosh Vaidya Public Interest Director, Member 14 14
Dr. Harsh Kumar Bhanwala Public Interest Director, Member 14 14
Ms. Sonu Bhasin Public Interest Director, Member 14 14
Mr. Mohan Shenoi Non-Independent Director, Member 14 14
Mr. S K Mohanty was appointed as an Independent External Expert for limited purpose of identifying ED-(Regulatory) w.e.f. 
March 02, 2026 and ceased to be expert eﬀective  from June 01, 2026.
   Ms. Vidya Krishnan was appointed as an Independent External Expert for limited purpose of identifying ED-(Critical 
Operations) w.e.f. March 02, 2026 and ceased to be expert eﬀective from June 30, 2026.
   Mr. C. S. Verma, Chairman of the Committee, attended the last Annual General Meeting of the Company held on September 
12, 2025.
Corporate Governance Report (Contd.)

--- page 85 ---
136
Statutory Reports
MCX Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
 II. Performance evaluation criteria of the Board
   Pursuant to the provision of the Act, Listing 
Regulations
, SECC Regulations read with SEBI 
Guidance Note on Board evaluation issued by 
ICSI on January 05, 2017 and SEBI circular on 
Performance review of Public Interest Director 
dated February 05, 2019, the Company adopted a 
Performance Evaluation Policy with an objective 
to ensure individual Directors and Independent 
External Experts (IEE) of Statutory Committees of the 
Company (“Directors”) and the Board as a whole, work 
eﬃciently and eﬀectively in achieving their functions, 
for the bene/f_it of the Company and its stakeholders. 
Also, to improve performance on three levels - the 
organizational, board and individual director level. 
A properly executed Board evaluation shall bene/f_it 
across these levels in terms of improved leadership, 
improved teamwork, greater accountability, better 
decision making, improved communication, greater 
clarity of roles and responsibilities, and more eﬃcient 
Board operations.
   Accordingly, the Policy provides a framework for 
evaluation/review of the performance of:
  (i)  individual Directors (including Directors 
seeking extension for another term);
  (ii)  Independent External Experts (IEE) in Statutory 
Committees;
  (iii) the Board as a whole;
  (iv)  Chairperson of the Board (taking into account 
the views of executive Directors and non-
executive Directors); and
  (v)  various committees of the Board (“Board 
Committees”).
  Mechanism for performance evaluation:
   The mechanism for the performance evaluation/
review are covered in the policy in following two 
parts:
  1. Part- A (Internal Evaluation):
  
  It covers the internal mechanism for annual 
evaluation of all the individual dir
ectors, IEE, 
Board as a whole, Chairperson of the Board 
and the Board Committees at the end of every 
/f_inancial year.
  2. Part - B (External Evaluation):
    It covers the mechanism for external evaluation 
of the Directors (whose term is due to expire and 
seeking extension for a further term as speci/f_ied 
in SECC Regulations) by a ‘Management or 
Human Resources Consulting Firm’ .
    It also covers the mechanism for external 
evaluation of the Committees as per the SEBI 
circular dated November 22, 2024 on Skill Set 
Evaluation and SEBI circular dated SEBI/HO/
MRD/POD-III/CIR/P/2025/12 dated January 30, 
2025.
  Disclosures as prescribed under SEBI Master Circular 
for LODR are given below:
 -  Observations of Board evaluation carried out for 
the year
  No observations.
 -  Previous year’s observations and actions taken
   Since no observations were received, no actions 
were taken.
 -  Proposed actions based on current year 
observations
   Since no observations were received, no actions 
were taken.
 STAKEHOLDERS’ RELATIONSHIP COMMITTEE:
  
The Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee was constituted 
in compliance with the applicable pr
ovisions of the 
Act and SEBI Listing Regulations by the Board oversees 
matters relating to the interest of the Stakeholders as well 
as quality of investor services provided by the Company.
 I. Terms of reference:
  
 The terms of reference of the Committee, inter-alia, 
includes:
  i. 
 Resolving the grievances of the security holders 
of the listed entity including complaints related 
to transfer/transmission of shares, non-receipt 
of annual report, non-receipt of declared 
dividends, issue of new/duplicate certi/f_icates, 
general meetings etc.;
  ii.  Review of measures taken for eﬀective exercise 
of voting rights by shareholders;
  iii.  Review of adherence to the service standards 
adopted by the listed entity in respect of various 
services being rendered by the Registrar & 
Transfer Agent (RTA);
  iv.  Review of the various measures and initiatives 
taken by the listed entity for reducing the 
quantum of unclaimed dividends and ensuring 
timely receipt of dividend warrants/annual 
reports/statutory notices by the shareholders 
of the Company.
Corporate Governance Report (Contd.)
137
 II. Composition, meetings and attendance during the year:
  
 During the FY 2025-26, 4 (Four) meeting of the Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee was held. The said meeting was held 
on April 02, 2025, July 25, 2025, A
ugust 01, 2025, and January 06, 2026.
  The constitution and the attendance of the members at the said meeting is as under:
Members Ca tegory Meetings held Meetings attended
Mr. C S Verma Public Interest Director, Chairman 4 4
Dr. Navrang Saini Public Interest Director, Member 4 4
Mr. Arvind Kathpalia Non-Independent Director, Member 4 4
Ms. Praveena Rai MD &CEO, Member 4 4
   Mr. C S Verma, Chairman of the Committee, attended the last Annual General Meeting of the Company held on September 
12, 2025.
   Ms. Manisha Thakur, Company Secretary and Compliance Oﬃcer of the Company, is the Secretary to the Committee. She 
can be reached out at the registered oﬃce address of the Company (email: ig-mcx@mcxindia.com, Tel: +91-22-6731 8888).
Number of 
complain
ts pending 
as on April 01, 2025
Number of 
Shareholder 
complaints received 
during FY 2025-26
Number of 
Shareholder 
complaints attended 
during FY 2025-26
Number of complaints 
not solved to the 
satisfaction of the 
shareholders
Number of 
complaints 
pending as on 
March 31, 2026
0 02 02 0 0
   Details of shares lying in the suspense account as at March 31, 2026 (Pursuant to Regulation 34(3) and Schedule V Part F of 
the SEBI Listing Regulations, 2015):
Sr. 
no.
P articulars No. of Shareholders No. of Shares
1. Aggregate number of shareholders and the outstanding shares in the 
suspense account lying as at April 01, 2025
0 0
2. Number of shareholders who approached the issuer for transfer of 
shares from suspense account during the year
0 0
3. Number of shareholders to whom shares were transferred from 
suspense account during the year
0 0
4. Aggregate number of shareholders and the outstanding shares in the 
suspense account lying as at March 31, 2026
0 0
 CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY COMMITTEE:
  
The Corporate Social Responsibility Committee (CSR) is constituted in compliance with the requirements of Section 135 of the 
Act.
 I. Terms of reference (Revised as on August 04, 2026):
  
The Corporate Social Responsibility Committee shall, inter alia, perform the following functions:
  i 
 Formulate and recommend the CSR Policy to the Board for approval, which shall indicate the activities to be 
undertaken by the Company in areas or subject, speci/f_ied in Schedule VII of the Act, monitor its implementation and 
suggest modi/f_ications from time to time for the same.
  ii  Recommend the amount of expenditure to be incurred on the activities referred to in clause above;
  iii  Formulate and recommend to the Board for approval, an Action Plan to deploy the CSR funds in pursuance of the CSR 
Policy. 
  iv  Approve the CSR projects undertaken in line with the approved CSR Policy to ensure seamless implementation of 
the projects and ful/f_ilment of the mandate set out under Section 135 of the Companies Act, 2013 and the Rules 
thereunder.
Corporate Governance Report (Contd.)

--- page 86 ---
138
Statutory Reports
MCX Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
  v  Report to the Board, on the progress of the projects, the manner of utilization of the annual CSR budget in pursuance 
of the CSR policy, unspent funds or excess spend towards CSR projects and ensure that the administrative overheads 
shall not exceed /f_ive per cent of the total CSR expenditure of the Company for any /f_inancial year and ensure any 
unspent funds to be transferred to unspent Bank Account.
  vi  Approve and recommend to the Board an Annual Report on the CSR activities in a format prescribed in the Companies 
Act, 2013.
 II. Composition, meetings and attendance during the year:
  
 During the FY 2025-26, 6 (Six) meetings of the Corporate Social Responsibility Committee were held. The said meetings 
were held on M
ay 07, 2025, May 28, 2025, June 19, 2025, November 04, 2025, January 19, 2026 and March 04, 2026.
Members Ca tegory Meetings held Meetings attended
Mr. Arvind Kathpalia Non-Independent Director, Chairman 6 6
Ms. Sonu Bhasin Public Interest Director, Member 6 6
Mr. Mohan Shenoi Non-Independent Director, Member 6 6
Ms. Praveena Rai MD & CEO 6 6
 RISK MANAGEMENT COMMITTEE:
  Pursuant to SEBI Listing Regulations, the Risk Management Committee was constituted which formulates and monitors 
implementation of the r
isk management policy, reviews the risk management framework and risk mitigation measures from 
time to time.
 I. Terms of reference:
  
The terms of reference of the Committee, inter-alia, includes:
  a. 
 Formulate a detailed Risk Management Framework (RMF) which shall be approved by the governing board of the 
stock exchange to ensure continuity of operation at all points of time.
  b. The RMF shall include the following:
   • The framework for identi/f_ication of internal and external risks.
   • Measures for risk mitigation including systems and processes for internal control.
   • Business continuity plan
  c.  Monitor each risk associated with the functioning of the stock exchange more speci/f_ically for functions under vertical 
1 and 2.
  d.  Review the RMF & Risk Mitigation Measures at least once annually taking into account the changing industry dynamics 
and evolving complexity.
  e.  Monitor and review enterprise-wide risk management plan and lay down procedures to inform the governing board 
about the risk assessment and mitigation procedures.
  f.  RMC shall coordinate with other committees. In case of overlap with activities of other committees, RMC may consider 
views of such committees.
  g.  Monitor implementation of the RMF and keep the governing board informed about implementation of the RMF and 
deviation, if any.
  h.  Approve the Half -Yearly Risk report to be submitted by CRiO to SEBI and the governing board of the stock exchange.
  i.  Comply with the roles and responsibilities as provided under the Companies Act 2013 and the SEBI (Listing Obligation 
and Disclosure Requirement), Regulations, 2015.
Corporate Governance Report (Contd.)
139
 II. Composition, meetings and attendance during the year:
  
 During the FY 2025-26, 4 (Four) meetings of the Risk Management Committee were held. The said meetings were held 
on May 08, 2025, A
ugust 01, 2025, October 31, 2025 and January 22, 2026. The constitution and the attendance of the 
members at the said meetings is as under:
Members Ca tegory Meetings held Meetings Attended
Ms. Sonu Bhasin Public Interest Director, Chairperson 4 4
Mr. Arvind Kathpalia Non-Independent Director, Chairman 4 4
Mr. Ashutosh Vaidya Public Interest Director, Member 4 4
Dr. Navrang Saini Public Interest Director, Member 4 4
Dr. Anil Kumar Sharma# Independent External Expert 2 2
Ms. Shalini Chhabra* Independent External Expert 2 2
Ms. Praveena Rai MD & CEO 4 4
  # Dr. Anil Kumar Sharma ceased to be the member w.e.f. September 22, 2025
  * Ms. Shalini Chhabra was appointed as member of the Committee w.e.f. September 23, 2025.
  The broad terms of reference & constitution as on March 31, 2026, of other Board Committees are as under:
 STANDING COMMITTEE ON TECHNOLOGY:
  
As per the SECC Regulations read with SEBI Circular dated 
June 25, 2024, the Standing Committ
ee on Technology 
was constituted which inter-alia, monitors the adequacy 
of systems capacity and eﬃciency, looks into the changes 
being suggested by the Exchange to the existing software/ 
hardware of the Exchange, investigates into problems of 
computerized trading system such as hanging/ slowdown/ 
breakdown, ensures that transparency is maintained 
in disseminating information regarding slowdown/ 
breakdown in Online Trading System and performs such 
other functions as prescribed by the Regulator and the 
Board. During the FY 2025-26, 10 (Ten) meetings of the 
Committee were held. The members of the Standing 
Committee on Technology are given below:
 o Mr. Ashutosh Vaidya (Chairman) (PID)
 o Mr. C. S. Verma, (PID)
 o Mr. Mohan Shenoi, (NID)
  o Ms. Sonu Bhasin, (PID)
 o Mr. Arvind Kathpalia, (NID)
 o Mr. PVS Murthy (Independent External Expert)
 o  Prof. Ramesh Loganathan (Independent External 
Expert)
 o Ms. Praveena Rai (MD & CEO)
  INDEPENDENT DIRECTORS’/PUBLIC INTEREST 
DIRECTORS
’ MEETING:
  As per SEBI circular dated January 10, 2019 and Code of 
Conduct f
or PIDs provided in the SECC Regulations, the 
PIDs are required to meet separately every six months to 
exchange views on critical issues which is required to be 
attended by all PIDs.
  A separate meeting of the PIDs, as required under the act, 
has been complied with.
  The PIDs, inter-alia, review the performance of the 
Chairperson, Non-Independent Directors and the Board 
as a whole, assesses the quality, quantity and timeliness 
of /f_low of information between the Management and the 
Board, reviews status of compliance with SEBI letters and 
circulars, and performs such other functions as prescribed 
in the Companies Act, 2013, the SEBI LODR, 2015 and 
the SECC Regulations, 2018 and the circulars/guidelines 
etc. issued thereunder. The Committee comprises of all 
Independent Directors on the Board of MCX. During the 
FY 2025-26, 3 (three) meetings of the Committee were 
held. The list of PIDs are given below:
 o Dr. Harsh Kumar Bhanwala (Chairman), (PID)
  o Mr. C S Verma, (PID)
 o Ms. Sonu Bhasin, (PID)
 o Mr. Ashutosh Vaidya, (PID)
 o Dr. Navrang Saini, (PID)
 MEMBER COMMITTEE):
  
The Committee, inter-alia, looks into formulation of policy 
for r
egulatory actions including declaring a member as 
defaulter, imposes appropriate regulatory measures, 
makes recommendation to the MCX IPF Trust regarding 
payment of claims, de/f_ine SOP for Internal Committee 
and oversee the regulatory actions delegated to Internal 
Committee and performs such other functions as 
prescribed in the SECC Regulations, 2018 and the circulars/
Corporate Governance Report (Contd.)

--- page 87 ---
140
Statutory Reports
MCX Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
guidelines etc. issued thereunder. During the FY 2025-26, 
15 (Fifteen) meetings of the Committee were held. The 
members of the Committee are given below:
 o Dr. Navrang Saini (Chairman), (PID)
 o Dr. Harsh Kumar Bhanwala, (PID)
 o Mr. Arvind Kathpalia, (NID)
 o Ms. Sonu Bhasin, (PID)
 o  Mr. S V Krishnamohan (Independent External Expert) 
Ceased to be the member of the Committee W.e.f. 
March 20, 2026
 o Ms. Praveena Rai (MD & CEO)
 REGULATORY OVERSIGHT COMMITTEE:
  
The Committee, inter-alia, oversees matters related to 
trading & surv
eillance related functions, product design 
and SEBI inspection observations in respect of each of 
these, supervises functioning of the investor services cell 
and the investor service fund, frame and review whistle 
blower policy, review of fees and charges levied by the 
Exchange, oversee contribution of the stock exchange 
towards Core Settlement Guarantee Fund (SGF) of the 
Clearing Corporation, oversees implementation of the 
Code of Conduct prescribed for Directors and performs 
such other functions as prescribed in the SECC Regulations, 
and the circulars/guidelines etc. issued thereunder. During 
the FY 2025-26, 4 (Four) meetings of the Committee were 
held. The members of the Committee are given below:
 o Mr. C S Verma (Chairman), (PID)
 o Dr. Harsh Kumar Bhanwala, (PID)
 o Mr. Ashutosh Vaidya, (PID)
 o Dr. Navrang Saini, (PID)
 o Mr. Mohan Shenoi, (NID)
 o  Mr. R Anand (Independent External Expert) Ceased to 
be the member of the Committee w.e.f. September 
22, 2025
 o  Mr. Anjani Agrawal (Independent External Expert) 
appointed as the member of the Committee w.e.f. 
September 23, 2025.
 MCX INVESTOR PROTECTION FUND (IPF) TRUST:
  
The Trust has been created, inter-alia, for the management 
and administration of the I
nvestor Protection Fund which 
is utilized primarily for protecting and safeguarding 
the interest of the investors/clients of the Exchange, in 
such manner as may be permitted by the Regulator and 
decided by the Trustees from time to time. During the 
FY 2025-26, 4 (four) meetings of the Trust were held. The 
members of the Trust are given below:
 o Dr. Navrang Saini (Chairman), (PID)
 o Dr. Harsh Kumar Bhanwala, (PID)
 o Mr. C S Verma, (PID)
 o  Mr. Dhruv Patil (Representative from Investor 
Association recognized by SEBI) Ceased to be the 
member of the Trust w.e.f. January 20, 2026.
 o  Mr. Narendra Mehta (Representative from Investor 
Association recognized by SEBI) appointed as the 
member of the Trust w.e.f. January 21, 2026
 o  Ms. Kavita Ravichandran Chief Regulatory Oﬃcer 
(CRO) Ceased to be the member of the trust w.e.f. 
May 31, 2025
 o  Mr. Manoj Kumar Jain (CCO) appointed as the 
member of the Trust w.e.f. June 01, 2025
 INVESTMENT COMMITTEE:
  
The Investment Committee shall review the existing 
investmen
ts, evaluates all non-treasury investments/
disinvestments and capital expenditure proposals, and 
assess their /f_inancial aspects. During the FY 2025-26, 
4 (Four) meetings of the Committee were held. The 
members of the Committee are given below:
 o Ms. Sonu Bhasin (Chairperson), (PID)
 o Mr. C S Verma, (PID)
 o Mr. Mohan Shenoi, (NID)
 o Mr. Praveena Rai (MD & CEO)
Corporate Governance Report (Contd.)
4. GENERAL BODY MEETINGS:
 A. 
 Details of the last three Annual General Meetings (AGMs) held: 
Financial Y ear Dat e Time Venue of the meeting
2024-25 23rd AGM September 12, 2025 11:30 a.m. Held through Video Conferencing
2023-24 22nd AGM September 26, 2024 11:30 a.m. Held through Video Conferencing
2022-23 21st AGM September 26, 2023 11:30 a.m. Held through Video Conferencing
141
 C. Postal Ballot:
  
 During the FY 2025-26, no special resolution was 
passed through postal ballot. None of the business 
pr
oposed to be transacted at the ensuing Annual 
General Meeting require passing of resolution 
through Postal Ballot process.
   Currently, no special resolution is proposed to be 
conducted through Postal Ballot. Further, Postal 
Ballot whenever conducted by the Company will be 
carried out as per the provisions of the Companies 
Act, 2013 read with rules made there under SEBI 
Listing Regulations, 2015 and applicable laws, rules 
and regulations, as amended from time to time.
 D. Extra-ordinary General Meeting:
  
 No Extra-ordinary General Meeting was held during 
the FY 2025-26.
5. DISCLOSURES:
 A.  Disclosures on materially signi/f_icant related 
party tr
ansactions:
   A note on related party transactions is provided 
in the Direct
ors’ Report. Particulars of material 
contracts or arrangements with related parties are 
provided in Annexure VI to the Directors’ Report. The 
transactions with related parties have been disclosed 
in Note 37 of Notes to Accounts of the Standalone 
and Consolidated Financial Statements of your 
Company. Further, the Company’s Policy on Related 
Party Transactions is available on the website of the 
Company at https://www.mcxindia.com/investor-
relations/ corporate-governance
   Further, in terms of the provisions of Regulation 23 
(9) of the SEBI Listing Regulations, 2015 disclosure of 
related party transactions on a consolidated basis, is 
made to the Stock Exchange (i.e. BSE Ltd.) where the 
securities of the Company are listed, on a half-yearly 
basis. The same is also uploaded on the website of 
the Company.
 B.  Non-compliance by the Company, penalties or 
strictures imp
osed by Stock Exchanges, SEBI or 
any statutory authority, on any matter related to 
the capital markets during the last three years:
  •  MCX deposited an amount of `1,00,00,000/- 
(Rupees One crore Only) in
to the “MCX Investor 
Protection Fund” as a /f_inancial disincentive in 
connection with a technical glitch. Further, its 
wholly owned subsidiary, Multi Commodity 
Exchange Clearing Corporation Limited 
(“MCXCCL ”) deposited `50,00,000/- (Rupees 
Fifty lakhs Only) into the “Core Settlement 
Guarantee Fund of MCXCCL ” as a /f_inancial 
disincentive in relation to another technical 
glitch.
  •  In the SEBI SCN dated October 16, 2023 
pertaining to failure of both MCX and MCXCCL 
to implement the SEBI Circular dated September 
13, 2017 on outsourcing of Activities, The 
matter was subsequently heard and an Order 
was passed on May 26, 2025 wherein SEBI had 
dropped all the allegations against MCX & its 3 
(three) past and 1 (one) current Key Managerial 
Persons and held only MCX liable, with respect 
to failure to make appropriate timely disclosure 
with respect to extension of the software 
services with the erstwhile Technology vendor 
for the period October 2022 to June 2023 in 
terms of Regulation 4 (1)(d), 4(1) (e), 4(1)(i) 
and 30(12) of the LODR Regulations, 2015 read 
with Regulation 33(1) of SECC Regulation, 2018 
and imposed a penalty of `25,00,000 (Rupees 
Twenty-Five lakhs only) under section 15HB 
Corporate Governance Report (Contd.)
 B. Particulars of Special Resolutions passed in the last three AGMs:
Date Par ticulars
September 12, 2025 o  To consider and approve the Sub-division of every 1 (One) equity share of face value of  
`10/- each (Rupees Ten only) each fully paid-up into 5 (Five) equity shares of face value of 
`2/- (Rupees Two only) each fully paid-up of the Company.
o Alteration of Capital Clause of the Memorandum of Association of the Company
September 26, 2024 o  To consider and approve the appointment of Ms. Praveena Rai (DIN: 09474203) as the 
Managing Director & CEO.
o  To consider and approve payment of revised remuneration to Mr. P .S. Reddy, (DIN:01064530) 
erstwhile MD & CEO of MCX
September 26, 2023 o No Special Resolutions were passed.

--- page 88 ---
142
Statutory Reports
MCX Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
of the SEBI Act, 1992. The Company had paid 
the imposed penalty of `25,00,000 (Rupees 
Twenty-Five lakhs only) to SEBI. In the aforesaid 
order dated May 26, 2025, the proceeding in 
respect of the SCN for MCXCCL and its KMP , 
were disposed of without any directions.
  •  SEBI has passed a Settlement Order No. SO//
PSD/2024-25/8048 dated April 01, 2025 
(“Settlement Order”) on our Subsidiary 
Company, Multi Commodity Exchange 
Clearing Corporation Limited with respect 
to Settlement application /f_iled by them in 
connection to their alleged violation of SEBI 
Circular on ‘Additional risk management norms 
for National Commodity Derivatives Exchanges’ 
bearing reference no. SEBI/HO/CDMRD/DRMP/
CIR/P/2016/77 dated September 01, 2016 read 
with Master Circular dated August 04, 2023 and 
Regulation 7(4)(b) of the Securities Contracts 
(Regulations) (Stock Exchanges and Clearing 
Corporations) Regulations, 2018 (“SECC Reg. ”).
  •  Our Subsidiary Company /f_iled a suo moto 
settlement application in terms of the SEBI 
(Settlement Proceedings) Regulations, 2018 
to settle by neither admitting nor denying the 
/f_indings of fact and conclusions of law, the 
enforcement proceedings that may be initiated 
against the Company, for the alleged violation 
of the said SEBI Circular.
    A Settlement Amount of `2,70,00,000 (Rupees 
Two crores Seventy lakhs only) was paid by 
our Subsidiary Company. There is no material 
impact on operations or other activities of MCX 
and our Subsidiary Company arising out of 
payment of settlement amount.
  •  The dividend for FY 2021-22 was approved in 
AGM held on September 27, 2022. As per sub-
section (4) of Section 123 of the Companies Act, 
2013, dividend amount should be deposited 
in scheduled bank in a separate bank account 
within 5 days of its declaration. The amount 
was deposited on October 03, 2022 instead 
of October 02, 2022, being a national holiday. 
Thereafter, the dividend was paid to the 
shareholders within 30 days from the date 
of approval at the AGM, as speci/f_ied under 
the Companies Act, 2013. A compounding 
application to the Registrar of Companies 
under section 441 of the Companies Act, 2013 
has been /f_iled in May 2023 to regularize the 
matter. Thereafter, ROC issued an order levying 
penalty of `11,000 each on MCX, MD&CEO, CFO 
and CS, which has been paid in October 2024.
  •  The Company has paid a compounding fee of  
`4,50,000/- to RBI as per the order dated January 
25, 2024 in the matter of contravention under 
Regulation 16(i)(vi) read with Regulation 16 (3) 
of FEMA 120, where the Company divested from 
its overseas Joint Venture through the automatic 
route and did not seek prior approval from the 
RBI for the sale of 500 shares in the Dubai Gold 
Exchange in the year 2018.
   SEBI has passed an order dated 04 th January 2023, 
against the Company imposing a penalty of  
`2,00,000/- for indirectly engaging itself in unrelated/
non-incidental activity which is allegedly in violation 
of the regulation 41(3) and 38(2) of SECC Regulations 
2012 and 2018 respectively. The said order of SEBI 
was challenged by the Company before Securities 
Appellate Tribunal (SAT). SAT by the way of interim 
relief inter-alia had stayed the eﬀect and operation of 
the impugned order till the disposal of the appeal. The 
matter was /f_inally heard on July 25, 2024 and reserved 
for judgment. Further, Hon’ble SAT vide its /f_inal order 
dated December 05, 2024 dismissed the appeal of the 
Company. The Company has complied with the SAT 
order by making the payment of `2 lakhs (Two lakhs 
Rupees Only) to SEBI on December 27, 2024.
  •  SEBI has passed an order dated February 28, 
2023, against MCX imposing a penalty of 
`6,00,000/- for the following alleged violations:
    As per Clause 4 of SEBI circular dated September 
16, 2016, MCX did not have systems in place for 
veri/f_ication of Sikkim based clients, who are 
exempted from submission of PAN. A special 
audit was carried out to verify the allegation 
and it was observed that there was no mala/f_ide 
intent on the part of the Management.
    It was purported that MD & CEO was not the 
Relevant Authority for levying of penalty 
according to the ToR of MCSGFC as prescribed 
in SEBI circular dated January 10, 2019 and that 
penalty ought to have been levied by MCSGFC 
by formulating a policy. The Company has paid 
the penalty of `6,00,000/- on 12th April 2023.
   Except the above, there were no instances of non-
compliances, penalties or strictures imposed by 
Stock Exchanges, SEBI or any statutory authority, on 
any matter related to the capital markets, during the 
last three years.
Corporate Governance Report (Contd.)
143
 C. Whistle Blower Policy:
  
 Your Company has established a Vigil Mechanism/ Whistle Blower Policy to enable Directors, Stakeholders, including 
individual employees and their r
epresentative bodies to report, in good faith, unethical, unlawful or improper practices, 
acts or activities. The said mechanism ensures that the whistle blowers are protected against victimization/any adverse 
action and/or discrimination as a result of such a reporting and provides a direct access to the Chairman of the Audit 
Committee. Your Company hereby aﬃrms that no one including personnel of the Company have been denied access to the 
Audit Committee.
   The Whistle Blower Policy has been disclosed on the website of the Company at https://www.mcxindia. com/investor-
relations/corporate-governance.
 D.  Disclosure under Sexual Harassment of Women at Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition and Redressal) Act, 2013:
Number of complaints /f_iled during the /f_inancial year Nil
Number of c
omplaints disposed of during the /f_inancial year Nil
Number of complaints pending as on end of /f_inancial year Nil
Corporate Governance Report (Contd.)
 E. Management’s Discussion and Analysis:
   The Management’s Discussion and Analysis forms 
part of this Annual R
eport.
 F.  Disclosure of Loans/Advances to /f_irms/companies 
in which Direc
tors have interest.
   There are no loans and advances in the nature of 
loans giv en b
y the Company or Multi Commodity 
Exchange Clearing Corporation of India Limited 
(subsidiary of the Company) to the /f_irms/companies 
in which Directors are interested.
 G. CEO/CFO Certi/f_ication:
  
 The certi/f_icate signed by the CEO and CFO in terms 
of Regulation 17(8) of the SEBI Listing R
egulations, 
2015 was placed before the Board of Directors at 
its meeting held on May 08, 2026. This certi/f_icate is 
attached as Annexure A.
 H. Certi/f_icates from Practicing Company Secretary:
  
 The certi/f_icate regarding the compliance of 
conditions of Cor
porate Governance is annexed as 
Annexure B.
   A certi/f_icate has been received from M/s AVS & 
Associates., Practicing Company Secretaries, that 
none of the Directors on the Board of the Company as 
on March 31, 2026, has been debarred or disquali/f_ied 
from being appointed or continuing as a Director of 
Companies, by the Securities and Exchange Board 
of India, Ministry of Corporate Aﬀairs or any such 
statutory authority. This certi/f_icate forms part of this 
Annual Report as Annexure C.
 I. Statutory Auditors:
  
 The total fees for all the services paid by the Company 
and its subsidiar y, on a c
onsolidated basis, to the 
Statutory Auditors, during FY 2025-26 amounts to 
Rs. 30 lakhs.
 J.  Compliance with Regulation 34(3) read with 
Schedule V of the SEBI (L
ODR) Reg., 2015: 
Mandatory Requirements
   The Company has complied with all mandatory 
requiremen
ts of corporate governance report as 
mentioned in sub para (2) to (10) of Schedule V(C) of 
the SEBI Listing Regulations, 2015.
  Non-Mandatory Requirements
  •  Shareholder Rights - The Quarterly /half yearly 
and Annual /f_inancial results as w
ell as all 
signi/f_icant information/events disseminated 
to BSE Ltd. are uploaded on the website of the 
Company, are available to all the shareholders 
and are published in newspapers.
  •  Modi/f_ied opinion(s) in Audit Report - The 
Auditors’ Report on statutory /f_inancial 
statements of the Company is unmodi/f_ied.
  •  Separate posts of Chairman and CEO - The 
Company has separate posts of Chairman 
and CEO. Chairman’s oﬃce is maintained at 
Company’s expenses.
  •  Reporting of Internal Auditor - The Internal 
Auditor makes quarterly presentations to the 
Audit Committee on their reports.
 K. Subsidiary:
   The Audit Committee/Board periodically reviews 
signi/f_icant dev
elopments, transactions and 
arrangements entered into with the Unlisted 
Subsidiary Company, Multi Commodity Exchange 
Clearing Corporation Limited (MCXCCL). The 

--- page 89 ---
144
Statutory Reports
MCX Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
Audit Committee/Board also reviews the Financial 
Statements of the Subsidiary Company, including 
investments made by the Company. The minutes 
of Board meetings of the Subsidiary Company are 
periodically placed before the Board of Directors of 
the Company.
   The Company has formulated a Policy on Material 
Subsidiaries which has been disclosed on the website 
of the Company at https://www.mcxindia.com/
investor-relations/corporate-governance. During 
the FY 2025-26, MCXCCL was a material subsidiary of 
MCX.
  Details of Material Subsidiary:
  
•  Name of Subsidiary: Multi Commodity 
Exchange Clearing C
orporation Limited 
(MCXCCL).
  •  Date & Place of Incorporation: August 01, 2008, 
Mumbai
  •  Name of Statutory Auditors: MSKA & Associates, 
Chartered Accountants (FRN: 105047W)
  •  Date of Appointment of Statutory Auditors: 
August 16, 2018 reappointed on September 22, 
2023
L. Senior management:
  
The details of changes in the senior management are 
mentioned under Note no
. 16 of Director’s report.
M.  Details of utilization of funds raised through 
prefer
ential allotment or quali/f_ied institutions 
placement as speci/f_ied under Regulation 32 (7A): NIL
N.  Disclosure of certain types of Agreements binding 
listed entities: There are no agreements that require 
disclosure under clause A of paragraph A of Part A of 
Schedule III of the Listing regulations.
6. MEANS OF COMMUNICATION:
  
The quarterly, half yearly and annual results of the 
Company ar
e generally published in the newspapers, 
namely, Business Standard English daily newspapers 
with circulation in the whole or substantially the whole 
of India and Navshakti, Marathi daily newspapers. The 
/f_inancial results, shareholding pattern, press releases, 
annual reports, investor presentations etc. are uploaded 
on the website of the Company www.  mcxindia.com. The 
same are also disseminated to the Stock Exchange (i.e. 
BSE Ltd.) where the securities of the Company are listed, 
as required/prescribed under the SEBI Listing Regulations, 
2015.
  Signi/f_icant events, if any, during the /f_inancial year, 
are reported to the Stock Exchange and posted on 
the website of the Company from time-to-time. The 
Company’s website gives information on trading, clearing 
& settlement, circulars issued by the Exchange, market 
data, Exchange Rules, Bye-Laws, Business Rules, products 
& their contract speci/f_ications, membership related 
information etc.
 Go Green Initiative:
  
As a part of its green initiative, the Company has taken 
necessary st
eps to send documents viz. notice of the 
general meeting, annual report, etc. at the registered 
email addresses of shareholders. Those who have not 
yet registered their email ids are requested to register 
the same with the K/f_in Technologies Limited, Registrar 
& Transfer Agent (RTA) in case of physical holdings and 
Depository Participants in case of electronic holdings 
with Depositories, to enable the Company to send the 
documents by the electronic mode.
  In view of the relaxation provided by the SEBI, no physical 
copies of the annual report for FY 2025-26 will be issued 
by the Company. Physical copies of the said documents 
are sent to only those members who have expressly 
requested the documents be sent in physical mode. 
Members can access the documents at the website of 
the Company www.mcxindia.com; website of BSE Ltd. 
www.bseindia.com and on the website of the NSDL at 
www.evoting.nsdl.com. Additionally, in accordance with 
Regulation 36(1)(b) of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015, 
the Company will also be sending a letter to shareholders 
whose e-mail addresses are not registered with RTA/ DP 
providing the weblink of Company’s website from where 
the Annual Report can be accessed.
Corporate Governance Report (Contd.)
145
7. GENERAL SHAREHOLDER INFORMATION:
1. Day, Date, Time and Mode 
of A
nnual General Meeting  
(FY 2025- 26)
Thursday, September 17, 2026 at 12:15 p.m. through video conferencing (VC) or other audio 
visual means (OAVM)
For details, please refer to the Notice convening this AGM.
The proceedings of the AGM shall be deemed to be conducted at the Registered Oﬃce of the 
Company which shall be the deemed venue of AGM.
2. Financial year April 01, 2025 to March 31, 2026
3. Record date for such 
dividend
Record date (i.e. Cut oﬀ date) to determine shareholders who will be eligible to receive /f_inal 
dividend, subject to shareholder’s approval, will be Friday, August 28, 2026.
4. Dividend payment date Within 30 Days from the date of approval by the Shareholders at the AGM
5. Mode of payment of 
dividend
Dividend is remitted through electronic mode where the requisite details are available with 
the Company.
Members holding shares in electronic form may please note that their bank details as 
furnished by the respective DPs to the RTA will be considered for remittance of dividends as 
per the applicable regulations and the Company will not entertain any direct request from 
such Members for change/ addition/ deletion in such bank details. Accordingly, the Members 
holding shares in Demat form are requested to ensure that correct/ latest complete bank 
details are updated against their demat account with their respective DPs. Further, please 
note that instructions, if any, already given by Members in respect of shares held in physical 
form, will not be automatically applied to the dividend paid on shares held in electronic form.
6. Listing on Stock Exchanges The equity shares of the Company are listed on BSE Ltd., Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, Dalal 
Street, Mumbai 400 001. The applicable annual listing fee has been paid to BSE Limited.
The Company’s equity shares were also permitted to be traded and admitted to dealings on 
NSE (Capital Market segment).
7. Registrar & Transfer Agent K/f_in Technologies Limited
Selenium, Tower B, Plot No. 31/uni201032, Gachibowli, Financial District, Nanakramguda, 
Serilingampally Mandal, Hyderabad  - 500 032, Telangana.
8. Share Transfer system The entire equity shareholding of the Company is in dematerialised form. To ensure compliance 
with the provisions of the SEBI (D&P) Regulations, the Company has appointed Central 
Depository Services (India) Limited (CDSL) as the Designated Depository for monitoring of 
shareholding. 
The shares of the Company are traded on BSE Limited/NSE Limited compulsorily in Demat 
form. Regulation 40 of the SEBI Listing Regulations, 2015 provides that requests for eﬀecting 
transfer of securities shall not be processed unless the securities are held in the dematerialised 
form. The Company’s Registrar and Share Transfer agent is the agency to look after the request 
received for transfer/transmission of shares.
9. Outstanding GDRs/ 
ADRs/ Warrants or any 
Convertible instruments, 
conversion date and likely 
impact on equity
As at March 31, 2026, the Company did not have any outstanding GDRs/ ADRs/ Warrants or 
any convertible instruments
10. Commodity price risk or 
foreign exchange risk and 
hedging activities
The Company does not have any exposure in commodities nor any foreign exchange exposure 
and therefore no hedging activities are carried out. There is no disclosure to oﬀer in terms of 
SEBI circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/CMD1/ CIR/P/2018/0000000141 dated 15th November 2018
11. Exchange operations are 
located at
The registered and corporate oﬃce is located at Exchange Square, Chakala, Suren Road, 
Andheri (East), Mumbai - 400 093, India.
The Disaster Recovery Site is situated at Gift City, Gandhinagar, Gujarat.
Corporate Governance Report (Contd.)

--- page 90 ---
146
Statutory Reports
MCX Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
12. Address for 
C
orrespondence
Company Secretary
Exchange S
quare, Chakala, Suren Road, Andheri (East), Mumbai - 400 093, India.
Tel: +91-22-6731 8888
Website: www.mcxindia.com
13. Depository for Equity 
shares
Na tional Securities Depository Limited (NSDL) and 
Central Depository Services (India) Limited (CDSL).
 Unclaimed Dividend:
  
As per the provisions of Sections 124 and 125 the Companies Act, 2013 read with Investor Education and Protection Fund 
Authorit
y (Accounting, Audit, Transfer and Refund) Rules, 2016, as amended from time to time, dividend which are unpaid/
unclaimed for a period of seven years from the date of transfer to Unpaid Dividend Account of the Company, shall be transferred 
to the Investor Education and Protection Fund (IEPF) established by the Central Government. Further, all shares (except when 
there is a speci/f_ic order of Court, Tribunal or any Statutory Authority restraining any transfer of shares), in respect of which 
dividend has not been paid or claimed by the shareholders for seven consecutive years or more shall also be transferred to the 
IEPF Authority.
 Details of unpaid/unclaimed dividends transferred to IEPF during FY 2025-26, are as under:
Sr. 
No.
T ransaction Type Amount (`) Date of Transfer
1 Dividend for FY 2017-18 Final 8,91,616 29 th October 2025
  Shares with respect to dividends lying unpaid/unclaimed for 7 consecutive years, were also transferred to the IEPF Authority. 
Details of the same are available on our website at https://www.mcxindia.com/investor-relations/shareholder-information.
  Further, details of the unpaid/unclaimed amounts lying with the Company are also available on the website of the Company at 
https://www.mcxindia.com/investor-relations/shareholder-information.
  Shareholders whose dividend/shares are transferred to the IEPF Authority, may claim the same by making an application in 
prescribed form to the IEPF Authority in this regard, details of which are available on www.iepf. gov.in. No claims shall lie against 
the Company in respect of the dividend/shares so transferred. The Members/ Claimants can /f_ile only one consolidated claim in a 
/f_inancial year as per the IEPF Rules.
  Dematerialization of Shares and Liquidity:
  
The shares of the Company are tradable compulsorily in dematerialized (electronic) form, and through KFin Technologies 
Limited, R
egistrar & Share Transfer Agent, we have established connectivity with both the depositories viz. NSDL and CDSL. The 
bifurcation of the category of shares in physical and electronic mode as on March 31, 2026 is given below:
Category No . of shareholders % of shareholders Total Shares % of Equity
Physical (A) 0 0 0 0
Demat
- NSDL 140773 37.76 230285684 90.31
- CDSL 231993 62.24 24706161 9.69
- Sub-total (B) 372766 100.00 254991845 100.00
Total (A+B) 372766 100.00 254991845 100.00
Corporate Governance Report (Contd.)
147
 Distribution of Shareholding as on March 31, 2026:
Sr. 
No.
C ategory (No. of shares) Shareholders Shares held
No. of holders % of Total No. of shares % of Total
1  1-5000 3,58,814 99.62 3,30,83,719 12.97
2  5001-10000 516 0.14 36,24,606 1.42
3  10001-20000 302 0.08 42,66,510 1.67
4  20001-30000 114 0.03 28,33,257 1.11
5  30001-40000 75 0.02 25,96,953 1.02
6  40001-50000 49 0.01 21,60,581 0.85
7  50001-100000 105 0.03 78,11,743 3.06
8 100001 & Above 194 0.05 19,86,14,476 77.89
Total 3,60,169 100.00 25,49,91,845 100.00
 Shareholding pattern as on March 31, 2026:
Sr. 
No.
C ategory No. of shares held % of shareholding
1. Foreign Portfolio Investors 6,64,92,788 26.07
2. Mutual Funds 8,66,42,309 33.98
3. Resident Individuals 4,12,25,367 16.16
4. Financial Institutions /Banks 5,19,27,786 20.36
5. Employee Bene/f_it Trust (under SEBI (Share Based Employee Bene/f_it) 
Regulations, 2014)
4,77,755 0.19
6. NBFC 36,832 0.01
7. Others 81,89,008 3.21
Total 25,49,91,845 100.00
  Detailed shareholding pattern is provided in the Annual Return which is available on the website of the Company: at https://
www.mcxindia.com/investor-relations/shareholder-information
 Reconciliation of Share Capital Audit:
  
Pursuant to Regulation 76 of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Depositories and Participants) Regulations, 2018 and 
SEBI Circular No
. D&CC/FITTC/CIR-16/2002 dated December 31, 2002, a quali/f_ied Practicing Company Secretary, carries out 
on a quarterly basis, a Share Capital Audit to reconcile the total admitted equity share capital with NSDL and CDSL, the total 
issued and listed capital and the report thereon is submitted to BSE Limited, where the Company’s shares are listed. Based on 
the audit report, it is certi/f_ied/con/f_irmed that the total listed and issued /paid-up capital is in agreement with the aggregate 
of the total number of shares held in physical form and dematerialized form held with NSDL and CDSL.
On Behalf of the Board of Directors
Praveena Rai Harsh Kumar Bhan wala
MD & CEO PID & Chairman
DIN: 09474203 DIN: 06417704
Mumbai, A
ugust 04, 2026
Corporate Governance Report (Contd.)

--- page 91 ---
148
Statutory Reports
MCX Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
The Board of Directors
Multi Commodity Exchange of India Limited
Exchange Square,
CTS No. 255, Suren Road,
Andheri- East, Mumbai -400 093.
We, Praveena Rai, Managing Director & Chief Executive Oﬃcer and Chandresh Shah, Chief Financial Oﬃcer of Multi Commodity 
Exchange of India Limited, certify that:
(a)  We have reviewed the /f_inancial statements and the cash /f_low statement for the /f_inancial year ended March 31, 2025 and to the 
best of our knowledge and belief -
 (i)  these statements do not contain any materially untrue statement or omit any material fact or contain statements that 
might be misleading;
 (ii)  these statements together present a true and fair view of the Company’s aﬀairs and are in compliance with the existing 
accounting standards, applicable laws and regulations.
(b)  There are, to the best of our knowledge and belief, no transactions entered into by the Company during the year, which are 
fraudulent, illegal or in violation of the Company’s code of conduct.
(c)  We accept the responsibility for establishing and maintaining internal controls for /f_inancial reporting. We have evaluated the 
eﬀectiveness of internal control systems of the Company pertaining to the /f_inancial reporting and have disclosed to the auditors 
and the audit committee, de/f_iciencies in the design or operation of such internal controls, if any, of which we are aware and the 
steps we have taken or propose to take to rectify these de/f_iciencies.
(d)  We have indicated to the auditors and the Audit Committee:
 (i) signi/f_icant changes in internal control over /f_inancial reporting during the year;
 (ii)  signi/f_icant changes in accounting policies during the year and that the same have been disclosed in the notes to the 
/f_inancial statements; and
 (iii)  instances of signi/f_icant fraud of which we have become aware and the involvement therein, if any, of the management or 
an employee having a signi/f_icant role in the Company’s internal control system over /f_inancial reporting.
The aforesaid are subject to the matters that have been highlighted by the Statutory Auditors in their report, read along with the notes 
to accounts in the /f_inancial statements.
ANNEXURE ‘A’
CERTIFICATE FROM THE CEO & CFO FOR THE FY 2025-26
For M
ulti Commodity Exchange of India Limited
Praveena Rai Chandresh Shah
MD & CEO Chief Financial Oﬃcer
Mumbai
Ma
y 08, 2026
Corporate Governance Report (Contd.)
149
DECLARATION BY CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER UNDER REGULATION 34(3) READ WITH SCHEDULE V OF 
SECURITIES AND 
EXCHANGE BOARD OF INDIA (LISTING OBLIGATIONS AND DISCLOSURE REQUIREMENTS) 
REGULATIONS, 2015, IN RESPECT OF COMPLIANCE WITH THE COMPANY’S CODE OF CONDUCT .
This is to con/f_irm that the members of the Board of Directors and Senior Management Personnel of the Company have aﬃrmed 
compliance with the C
ode of Conduct of Multi Commodity Exchange of India Limited, as applicable to them, for the Financial Year 
ended March 31, 2026.
Mumbai Praveena Rai
Ma
y 08, 2026 MD & CEO
DIN: 09474203
To,
The M
embers of
Multi Commodity Exchange of India Limited
We have examined the compliance of conditions of corporate governance by Multi Commodity Exchange of India Limited (‘the 
Company’) for the year ended March 31, 2026 as stipulated in Regulations 17 to 27, clauses (b) to (i) and (t) of sub-regulation (2) 
of Regulation 46 and Para C, D and E of Schedule V of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as 
amended from time-to-time, of the said Company with stock exchange.
The Compliance with the conditions of corporate governance is the responsibility of the Company’s management. Our examination 
has been limited to a review of the procedures and implementation thereof, adopted by the Company for ensuring compliance with 
the conditions of corporate governance. It is neither an audit nor an expression of opinion on the /f_inancial statements of the Company.
In our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the explanations given to us and the representations made by the 
management, we certify that the Company, to the extent applicable, has complied with the conditions of Corporate Governance as 
stipulated in Regulations 17 to 27, clauses (b) to (i) and (t) of sub-regulation (2) of Regulation 46 and Para C, D and E of Schedule V of 
SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015.
We further state that such compliance is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor the eﬃciency or eﬀectiveness 
with which the management has conducted the aﬀairs of the Company.
For AVS & Associates,
Company Secretaries
Vijay Yadav
Partner
Membership No
. F11990
C.P . No: 16806
Peer Review No: 1451/2021
UDIN: F011990H001018853
Date: August 04, 2026
Place: Navi Mumbai
Corporate Governance Report (Contd.)
ANNEXURE ‘B’

--- page 92 ---
150
Statutory Reports
MCX Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
To,
The Members,
Multi Commodity Exchange of India Limited
Exchange Square, Chakala,
Suren Road, Andheri (East),
Mumbai - 400093
We have examined the relevant records, information, forms, returns, and disclosures received from the Directors of M/s. Multi 
Commodity Exchange of India Limited having CIN: L51909MH2002PLC135594 and having registered oﬃce at Exchange Square, 
Chakala, Suren Road, Andheri (East), Mumbai - 400093  (hereinafter referred to as ‘the Company’) produced before me by the 
Company for the purpose of issuing this Certi/f_icate, in accordance with Regulation 34(3) read with Schedule V Para-C sub-clause 10(i) 
of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015.
In our opinion and to the best of my knowledge and based on (a) Documents available on the website of the Ministry of Corporate 
Aﬀairs (“MCA”); (b) Veri/f_ication of Directors Identi/f_ication Number (“DIN”) status at the website of the MCA (c) Disclosures provided 
by the Directors (as enlisted in below Table) to the Company; and (d) SEBI Debarment list available at BSE Limited, We hereby certify 
that none of the Directors on the Board of the Company (as enlisted in below Table) have been debarred or disquali/f_ied from being 
appointed or continuing as directors of the Company by the Securities and Exchange Board of India, MCA or any such other statutory 
authority for the /f_inancial year ending on March 31, 2026.
No. Name of the Dir ectors DIN Date of appointment in Company*
1 Mr. Chandra Shekhar Verma 00121756 May 22, 2021
2 Dr. Harsh Kumar Bhanwala 06417704 August 08, 2021
3 Mr. Mohan Narayan Shenoi 01603606 September 30, 2021
4 Mr. Ashutosh Moreshwar Vaidya 06751825 September 17, 2022
5 Ms. Sonu Halan Bhasin 02872234 September 17, 2022
6 Mr. Arvind Kathpalia 02630873 December 06, 2022
7 Dr. Navrang Saini 09650867 March 14, 2024
8 Ms. Praveena Rai 09474203 October 31, 2024
*The date of appointment is as per the MCA Portal
Ensuring the eligibility for the appointment/continuity of every Director on the Board is the responsibility of the management of the 
Company. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these, based on our veri/f_ication.
This Certi/f_icate is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor of the eﬃciency or eﬀectiveness with which the 
management has conducted the aﬀairs of the Company.
For AVS & Associates,
Company Secretaries
Vijay Yadav
Partner
Membership No
. F11990
C.P . No: 16806
Peer Review No: 1451/2021
UDIN: F011990H001018875
Date: August 04, 2026
Place: Navi Mumbai
Corporate Governance Report (Contd.)
ANNEXURE ‘C’
151
Contents Page no .
Section A: General Disclosures 151
Section B: Management and process disclosures 156
Section C: Principle Wise Performance Disclosure 159
PRINCIPLE 1: Businesses should conduct and govern themselves with integrity, and in a manner that is Ethical, Transparent 
and Accountable
159
PRINCIPLE 2: Businesses should provide goods and services in a manner that is sustainable and safe 162
PRINCIPLE 3: Businesses should respect and promote the well-being of all employees, including those in their value chains 164
PRINCIPLE 4: Businesses should respect the interests of and be responsive to all its stakeholders 196
PRINCIPLE 5: Businesses should respect and promote human rights 170
PRINCIPLE 6: Businesses should respect and make eﬀorts to protect and restore the environment 173
PRINCIPLE 7: Businesses, when engaging in in/f_luencing public and regulatory policy, should do so in a manner that is 
responsible and transparent
179
PRINCIPLE 8: Businesses should promote inclusive growth and equitable development 180
PRINCIPLE 9: Businesses should engage with and provide value to their consumers in a responsible manner 181
SECTION A/hyphen.cap GENERAL DISCLOSURES
I.  Details of the listed entity
I-1. Corporate Identity Number (CIN) of the listed entity – L51909MH2002PLC135594
I-2. 
Name of the listed entity – Multi Commodity Exchange of India Limited
I-3. Year of incorporation- April 19, 2002
I-4. Registered oﬃce address – Exchange Square, Chakala, Suren Road, Andheri 
(East), Mumbai - 400 093, India.
I-5.  Corporate address - Exchange Square, Chakala, Suren Road, Andheri 
(East), Mumbai - 400 093, India.
I-6.  E-mail - ig-mcx@mcxindia.com
I-7.  Telephone - +91 226731 8888
I-8.  Website - www.mcxindia.com
I-9.  Fiscal year for which reporting is being done – April 01, 2025 to March 31, 2026
I-10.  Name of the Stock Exchange(s) where shares are listed - Bombay Stock Exchange
I-11.  Paid-up Capital - `5,099.84 lakhs
I-12.   Name and contact details (telephone, email address) of the person who 
may be contacted in case of any queries on the BRSR report. –
Mr. Praveen DG, Chief Risk Oﬃcer  
praveen.d@mcxindia.com  
+91 -22-6731 8888/ +91-22-6649 4000
I-13.   Reporting boundary - Are the disclosures under this report made on a 
standalone basis (i.e. only for the entity) or on a consolidated basis (i.e. 
for the entity and all the entities which form a part of its consolidated 
/f_inancial statements, taken together). –
The Disclosures made in this report are on a 
Standalone Basis.
I-14.   Name of assurance provider KIRTANE & PANDIT LLP
I-15.  Type of assurance obtained Reasonable assurance
II. Products/services
II-16. Details of business activities (ac
counting for 90% of the turnover):
S. No. Description of Main Activity Description of Business Ac tivity % of Turnover of the entity
1 Oﬀers platform for trading in varied commodity 
derivative contracts across product segments 
including bullion, industrial metals, energy, 
agricultural commodities, and indices.
Facilitates online trading of 
commodity futures and options, 
data feed subscription and 
membership
94%
Remark: Investment income through deployment of surplus funds in assets such as /f_ixed deposits, perpetual bonds, various debt 
schemes of mutual funds, tax-free bonds, and government securities constitutes 5% of MCX’s turnover.
Business Responsibility & Sustainability Report 

--- page 93 ---
152
Statutory Reports
MCX Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
II-17. Products/Services sold by the entity (accounting for 90% of the entity’s Turnover):
S. No. Product/Service NIC Co de % of total Turnover contributed
1 Administration of Financial Markets 6611 94%
III. Operations
III-18. Number of locations where plants and/or operations/oﬃces of the entity are situated:
Location Number of Plan ts Number of Oﬃces Total
National 0 13 13
International 0 0 0
* The Company does not undertake any manufacturing activity
III-19. Markets served by the entity:
a.  Number of locations
Locations Number
Na
tional (No. of States) 28
National (No. of Union territories) 8
International (No. of Countries) 0
b.  What is the contribution of exports as a percentage of the total turnover of the entity?
 Not Applicable to MCX owing to the nature of its business.
c.  A brief on types of customers
  MCX provides a secured, eﬃcient and transparent platform for trading in commodity derivatives contracts. The customers of the 
Company ar
e its members and their clients. The types of customers (participants) include participants from commodity value 
chain (hedgers), /f_inancial institutions, foreign portfolio investors, proprietary traders, investors, Farmer Producer Organizations 
(FPOs) / farmers among others.
IV. Employees
IV-20. Details as a
t the end of Fiscal Y ear
a. Employees and workers (including diﬀerently abled):
No Particulars
T
otal(A)
FY 2025-26
Total(A)
FY 2024-25
Male Female Male Female
No 
(B)
% 
(B/A)
No 
(C)
% 
(C/A)
No 
(B)
% 
(B/A)
No 
(C)
% 
(C/A)
Employees
1 Permanent (D) 436 343 78.67 93 21.33 400 317 79.25 83 20.75
2 Other than Permanent (E) 42 35 83.33 7 16.67 56 41 73.21 15 26.79
3 Total employees (D + E) 478 378 79.08 100 20.92 456 358 78.51 98 21.49
Workers
1 Permanent (F) - - - - - - - - - -
2 Other than Permanent (G) - - - - - - - - - -
3 Total Workers (F + G) - - - - - - - - - -
Business Responsibility & Sustainability Report (Contd.)
153
b. Diﬀerently abled Employees and workers:
No Particulars
T
otal(A)
FY 2025-26
Total(A)
FY 2024-25
Male Female Male Female
No 
(B)
% 
(B/A)
No 
(C)
% 
(C/A)
No 
(B)
% 
(B/A)
No 
(C)
% 
(C/A)
Diﬀerently Abled Employees
1 Permanent (D) 2 1 50 1 50 2 1 50 1 50
2 Other than Permanent (E) 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0
3 Total diﬀerently abled 
employees (D + E) 2 1 50 1 50 2 1 50 1 50
Diﬀerently Abled Workers
1 Permanent (F) - - - - - - - - - -
2 Other than Permanent (G) - - - - - - - - - -
3 Total Workers (F + G) - - - - - - - - - -
IV-21. Participation/Inclusion/Representation of women
Total(A) No. and percentage of Females
No(B) %(B/A
)
Board of Directors 8 2 25
Key Management Personnel 23 6 26
IV-22. Turnover rate for permanent employees and workers. (Disclose trends for the past 3 years)
FY 2025-26 FY 2024-25 FY 2023-24
(% T
urnover rate in  
current FY)
(% Turnover rate in 
previous year FY)
(% Turnover rate in prior 
to previous FY)
Male Female Total Male Female Total Male Female Total
Permanent Employees 13.04 14.14 13.28 14.98 13.25 14.63 22.38 10.69 20.15
Permanent Workers - - - - - - - - -
V. Holding, Subsidiary and Associate Companies (including joint ventures)
V-23. (a) Names of holding / subsidiar
y / associate companies / joint ventures.
S. 
No.
Name of the holding / subsidiar y 
/ associate companies / joint 
ventures (A)
Indicate whether 
holding/ subsidiary/ 
associate/ joint 
venture
% of shares 
held by 
listed entity
Does the entity indicated at column A, 
participate in the Business Responsibility 
initiatives of the listed entity? (Y es/No)
1 Multi Commodity Exchange Clearing 
Corporation Ltd.
Subsidiary 100% No
2 Countrywide Commodity Repository 
Limited
Associate 24% No
3 India International Bullion Exchange Associate 20% No
VI. Details
VI-24. Pr
ovide the following CSR details
 i) Whether CSR is applicable as per section 135 of Companies Act, 2013 – Yes
   
MCX has dedicated CSR policy and focuses on Livelihood, Education, Healthcare and Community Development. The CSR 
policy updated at website at: https://www.mcxindia.com/about-us#csr-overview (Corporate social responsibility (CSR) 
policy)
 ii) Turnover (in `) – 2,281.76 crores
 ii) Net worth (in `) – 2,816.24crores
Business Responsibility & Sustainability Report (Contd.)

--- page 94 ---
154
Statutory Reports
MCX Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
VII. Transparency and Disclosures Compliances
VII-25. Complaints/Grievances on any of the principles (Principles 1 to 9) under the National Guidelines on Responsible 
Business Conduct:
Stakeholder 
group fr
om whom 
complaint is 
received
Grievance 
Redressal 
Mechanism in Place 
(Y es/No) (If yes, 
then provide web-
link for grievance 
redress policy)
FY25-26 FY 24-25
Number of 
complaints 
/f_iled during 
the year
Number of 
complaints 
pending 
resolution 
at close of 
the year
Remarks Number of 
complaints 
/f_iled during 
the year
Number of 
complaints 
pending 
resolution 
at close of 
the year
Remarks
Communities Yes - - - - - -
Investors (other 
than shareholders)
Yes - - - - - -
Shareholders Yes 2 - - 3 - -
Employees and 
workers
Yes - - - - - -
Customers 
(Investor-client 
grievances)
Yes 878 258 These complaints 
are received from 
Investors/clients 
against Trading 
Member of the 
Exchange
466 36* These 
complaints 
are 
received 
from 
Investors/
clients 
against 
Trading 
Member 
of the 
Exchange
Customers 
(Arbitration)
Yes 13 1 9 1*
Customer 
(Appellate 
Arbitration)
Yes 0 0 2 0
Value Chain 
partners
Yes - - -
Other (please 
specify)
Yes 621 358 These complaints 
are received from 
Investors/clients/
Trading Member 
against Exchange 
(which includes 
complaints 
against Trading 
Members of the 
Exchange)
99 7*  These 
complaints 
are 
received 
from 
Investors/
clients/
Trading 
Member 
against 
Exchange 
(which 
includes 
complaints 
against 
Trading 
Members 
of the 
Exchange)
Remarks: Grievance redressal policies are available on the Company’s website at https://www.mcxindia.com/investor-relations/
corporate-governance
The Grievance Redressal Policy relating to Employees is available on the Company’s intranet.
*All the complaints pending at previous /f_inancial year end have been closed.
Business Responsibility & Sustainability Report (Contd.)
155
VII-26. Overview of the entity’s material responsible business conduct issues. Please indicate material responsible business 
conduc
t and sustainability issues pertaining to environmental and social matters that present a risk or an opportunity to 
your business, rationale for identifying the same, approach to adapt or mitigate the risk along-with its /f_inancial implications, 
as per the following format
S. 
No.
Material issue 
identi/f_ied
Indicate 
whether 
risk or 
opportunity 
(R/O)
Rationale for identifying the risk / 
opportunity
In case of risk, approach to 
adapt or mitigate
Financial 
implications 
of the risk or 
opportunity 
(Indicate positive 
or negative 
implications)
1 Energy 
Consumption 
and GHG 
Emissions
Risk MCX operates electronic trading 
platforms which consumes energy. With 
rising scrutiny on carbon footprints 
and upcoming ESG-related regulations, 
energy ineﬃciency poses reputational 
and regulatory risks.
Currently MCX is undertaking 
measures to use energy-
eﬃcient infrastructure.
Negative
2 Energy 
Consumption 
and GHG 
Emissions
Opportunity In the medium and long run, 
transitioning to energy eﬃcient 
infrastructure and practices lead to cost 
savings
- Positive
3 Data 
Privacy and 
Cybersecurity
Risk As a regulated MII, MCX processes large 
volumes of high-value trading and 
/f_inancial data. Any data breach, system 
disruption, or cyber incident could result 
in severe regulatory penalties, profound 
reputational damage, and direct /f_inancial 
losses. Consequently, data privacy and 
cybersecurity represent key risk areas 
requiring governance and continuous 
monitoring
MCX has implemented 
data privacy and defence 
in Cybersecurity controls. 
Measures include regular 
security audits, access controls, 
encryption, incident response 
mechanisms to manage and 
mitigate this risk.
For employees & members, 
periodic trainings and 
awareness programs are 
conducted on data privacy and 
cybersecurity practices.
Negative
4 Business 
Continuity 
Risk Operational disruptions arising from 
natural disasters, infrastructure failures, 
cyber incidents, or other unforeseen 
events pose a risk of interrupting project 
operations, delaying service delivery, 
and impacting revenue. Given the 
site-speci/f_ic nature of operations, any 
prolonged disruptions could also aﬀect 
stakeholder con/f_idence and ongoing 
contractual commitments.
To mitigate this risk, a 
Business Continuity and 
Disaster Management Plan is 
maintained and periodically 
reviewed, with regular mock 
drills and preparedness 
exercises conducted to test 
response readiness and 
minimize potential downtime.
Negative
5 Climate-related 
Commodity 
Volatility
Opportunity Climate change aﬀects the supply 
chain of commodities like agriculture 
and metals, leading to increased price 
volatility, which can impact trading 
patterns.
- Positive
6 Financial 
Literacy and 
Inclusion
Opportunity Promoting commodity trading awareness 
and access to underserved sectors 
can expand MCX’s user base, increase 
volumes, and support economic 
development.
- Positive
7 Women 
Empowerment 
in Commodity 
Markets
Opportunity Promoting Women’s participation aligns 
with Sustainable Development Goals and 
expands MCX’s user base.
- Positive
Business Responsibility & Sustainability Report (Contd.)

--- page 95 ---
156
Statutory Reports
MCX Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
SECTION B/hyphen.cap MANAGEMENT AND PROCESS DISCLOSURES
Policy and management processes
Disclosure Questions P1 P2 P3 P4 P5 P6 P7 P8 P9
1. a.  Whether your entity’s policy/
policies cover each principle and 
its core elements of the NGRBCs. 
(Yes/No)
Yes
1. b.  Has the policy been approved by 
the Board? (Yes/No)
Yes. Policies are approved by Board/ Board Committees as applicable and internal policies are approved by MD & CEO.
1. c.  Web Link of the Policies,  
if available
Code of conduct for 
directors, committee 
members and 
key management 
personnel
Code of conduct 
for prevention of 
insider trading
Preservation 
and Retention of 
Documents Policy
Anti-Bribery and 
Anti-Corruption 
Policy
Whistle Blower 
Policy
Policy for 
Determining 
“Material 
Subsidiaries”
Related Party 
Transaction Policy
Dividend 
Distribution Policy
PERFORMANCE 
EVALUATION POLICY
Determination of 
Materiality of Event 
or Information
MCX Quality 
Policy
Human 
Rights 
Policy
Grievance 
Redressal 
Policy 
Customers 
(Members 
and Clients)
General 
Grievance 
Redressal 
Policy
Human 
Rights Policy
Environment 
Policy
Policy for 
Responsible 
Advocacy
Corporate 
social 
responsibility 
(CSR) policy
Information 
Security 
Policy
Business Responsibility & Sustainability Report (Contd.)
157
Disclosure Questions P1 P2 P3 P4 P5 P6 P7 P8 P9
2.  Whether the entity has translated 
the policy into procedures.  
(Yes / No)
Yes, the Company has translated the policies as applicable and imbibed the same into procedures and practices.
3.  Do the enlisted policies extend to 
your value chain partners? (Yes/No)
Yes, relevant policies are applicable to stakeholders/value chain partners.
4.  Name of the national and 
international codes/certi/f_ications/
labels/ standards (e.g. Forest 
Stewardship Council, Fairtrade, 
Rainforest Alliance, Trustea) 
standards (e.g. SA 8000, OHSAS, 
ISO, BIS) adopted by your entity and 
mapped to each principle.
ISO 22301:2019 
Business Continuity 
Management 
System
ISO/IEC 27001 
Information Security 
Management 
System
ISO 
9001:2015 
Quality 
Management 
System,
ISO 14001:2015 
Environment 
Management 
System
ISO/IEC 
27001:2022 
Information 
Security 
Management 
System
5.  Speci/f_ic commitments, goals and 
targets set by the entity with 
de/f_ined timelines, if any.
At MCX, we keep 
ethical business 
conduct and 
transparency of 
information as the 
guiding principle 
in all business 
endeavors.
MCX has 
committed 
to deliver 
quality 
services 
to all its 
stakeholders 
through 
investments 
in quality 
programme.
MCX is 
committed 
towards 
respecting 
as well as 
promoting 
the well-
being of its 
employee 
in all 
aspects 
at the 
workplace.
MCX is 
committed 
to serve and 
empower 
the needy 
communities 
and 
contribute 
towards the 
development 
of the nation. 
We aim 
to further 
strengthen 
its initiatives 
and continue 
to serve the 
society at 
large.
MCX ensures 
and is 
committed to 
ensure that 
the human 
rights are 
respected 
and 
promoted 
within the 
organization 
and due 
diligence is 
conducted to 
identify and 
mitigate any 
such event
MCX is 
governed by 
an eﬀective 
Environmental 
Policy. It 
believes that in 
order to meet 
the objectives 
of its 
Environmental 
Policy, 
employee 
commitment is 
imperative.
MCX’s 
commitment 
to fostering 
dialogue and 
knowledge-
sharing 
within the 
industry
MCX is 
committed to 
do social good 
is revealed 
from its 
various holistic 
initiatives 
to address 
some of the 
persistent 
social 
challenges in 
the spheres 
of education, 
empowerment 
of women and 
diﬀerently 
abled, 
healthcare, 
environment 
and livelihood.
MCX is 
committed 
to taking a 
proactive 
approach to 
conducting 
audits for 
cybersecurity
6.  Performance of the entity against 
the speci/f_ic commitments, goals 
and targets along-with reasons in 
case the same are not met.
We have complied and adhered to the best practices as laid out in the ISO standards and have re-certi/f_ied ourselves to standards such as ISO 
14001:2015 Environment Management System, ISO 27001:2022 Information Security Management System, ISO 22301:2019 Business Continuity 
Management Systems & ISO 9001:2015 Quality Management Systems.
Business Responsibility & Sustainability Report (Contd.)

--- page 96 ---
158
Statutory Reports
MCX Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
Governance, leadership and oversight
7.  Statement by director responsible for the business responsibility report, highlighting ESG related challenges, targets 
and achievemen
ts (listed entity has /f_lexibility regarding the placement of this disclosure)
  At MCX, we view sustainability not just as a responsibility, but as an integral part of how we can create a long-term value for all 
the stakeholders, including the ecosy
stem. Our Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) commitments are embedded in our 
strategy, and we aspire to strengthen it with every passing year.
  As a service-based organization, we recognize that while our direct environment impact may be limited, our role in promoting 
responsible practices remains signi/f_icant. We are fully committed to minimizing our environment footprint through eﬃcient use 
of resources, particularly electricity and water.
  We actively foster awareness among employees and encourage the adoption of resource-eﬃcient and conservative-driven 
behaviors. As an ISO 14001 certi/f_ied company, we regularly assess and monitor our environmental impact in line with global best 
practices. We have also adopted an E-waste Management Policy to ensure disposal of electronic waste and are in the process of 
formalizing a broader waste management framework to further reduce, reuse and responsibly manage waste. While our core 
operations do not involve direct ecological disruption, we are committed to enhance eﬃciency through automation and smart 
infrastructure upgrades.
  On the social front we place a very strong emphasis on employee well-being, safety and continued personal and professional 
development. Beyond internal development we strive to uplift society through meaningful initiatives, like integrated village 
development projects, solar street lighting initiatives, and support for 15 Anganwadis and 10 schools across Nashik, Igatpuri and 
Trimbakeshwar in Nashik district, the Company contributes to community development while also supporting national athletes 
on their journey to the 2028 Olympics and Paralympics.
  From a governance perspective, we have implemented structures, policies and processes to ensure responsible and transparent 
operations.
  Our ESG agenda continuous to evolve as we align closely with stakeholder’s expectations, regulatory frameworks and global 
benchmark. We remain committed to driving positive change within our organizational and in the communities we serve.
8. Details of the highest authority responsible for implementation and oversight of the Business Responsibility policy (ies).
 Ms. Praveena Rai (DIN:09474203), MD & CEO
9.  
Does the entity have a speci/f_ied Committee of the Board/ Director responsible for decision making on sustainability 
relat
ed issues? (Y es / No). If yes, provide details.
  Yes. The MD & CEO and senior management of the Company monitor various aspects of social, environmental, governance and 
economic responsibilities on a c
ontinuous basis. The same is assessed by the respective Committees of the Board such as:
 a) The Audit Committee.
 b) The Corporate Social Responsibility Committee; and
 c) The Stakeholders Relationship Committee.
  In addition, the Risk Management Committee also assesses risks pertaining to certain principles of BRSR as identi/f_ied by the 
Chief Risk Oﬃcer of the Company.
10.  Details of Review of NGRBCs by the Company: Indicate whether review was undertaken by Director / Committee of the 
Board/ A
ny other Committee
Subject for Review Indic ate whether review was 
undertaken by Director / Committee 
of the Board/ Any other Committee
Frequency (Annually/ Half yearly/ 
Quarterly/ Any other – please 
specify)
P1 P2 P3 P4 P5 P6 P7 P8 P9 P1 P2 P3 P4 P5 P6 P7 P8 P9
Performance against above policies and 
follow up action
Board of Director As and when required
Compliance with statutory requirements of 
relevance to the principles, and, recti/f_ication 
of any non-compliances
Board of Director As and when required
Business Responsibility & Sustainability Report (Contd.)
159
11.  Has the entity carried out independent assessment/ evaluation of the working of its policies by an external agency? (Y es/
No
). If yes, provide name of the agency.
S. no P1 P2 P3 P4 P5 P6 P7 P8 P9
1 Yes
, periodic audits by external agencies are conducted with respect to the assessment and eﬀectiveness of policies and 
procedures. Further, the evaluation of the working of policies is generally done through an internal mechanism as well.
12. If answer to question (1) above is No i.e. not all Principles are covered by a policy, reasons to be stated
Questions P1 P2 P3 P4 P5 P6 P7 P8 P9
The entity does not consider the principles material to its business (Yes/No)
The entity is not at a stage where it is in a position to formulate and implement the 
policies on speci/f_ied principles (Yes/No)
The entity does not have the /f_inancial or/human and technical resources available for 
the task (Yes/No)
It is planned to be done in the next /f_inancial year (Yes/No)
Any other reason (please specify)
Remark: Not Applicable
SECTION C: PRINCIPLE WISE PERFORMANCE DISCLOSURE
PRINCIPLE 1: Businesses should c onduct and govern themselves with integrity, and in a manner that is Ethical, Transparent 
and Acc
ountable.
ESSENTIAL INDICATORS
EI-1. Percentage coverage by training and awareness programmers on any of the principles during the /f_inancial year
Segment Total numb er 
of training 
and awareness 
programmes 
held
Topics/principles covered under the training and its impact Percentage of 
persons in respective 
category covered 
by the awareness 
programmes
Board of directors 21 Organizations history and its operations, information about all 
the products, segments, etc.; functioning of various departments 
of the Company. Training sessions were also held for Arti/f_icial 
Intelligence, Regtech & Suptech, Digital Personal Data Protection, 
Cyber Security & Cyber Resilience Framework, Governance & 
Disclosures, etc. Regulatory Amendments, among others. In 
addition, a monthly newsletter is shared with all the Board 
members apprising them on developments in the International 
and Domestic Commodity Derivatives Market.
*
Key Managerial 
personnel
101 Skill Upgradation, IT, Cybersecurity, Digital personal data 
protection, Prevention of Sexual Harassment, Ethics at workplace, 
ESG Awareness, Occupational Health & Safety, Mental well-being, 
BCMS policies and procedures
100%
Employees other 
than BoD and 
KMPs
101 Skill Upgradation, IT, Cybersecurity, Digital personal data 
protection, Prevention of Sexual Harassment, Ethics at workplace, 
ESG Awareness, Occupational Health & Safety, Mental well-being, 
BCMS policies and procedures
100%
Workers - - -
*Directors attended the training as per their availability
Business Responsibility & Sustainability Report (Contd.)

--- page 97 ---
160
Statutory Reports
MCX Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
EI-2. Details of /f_ines / penalties /punishment/ award/ compounding fees/ settlement amount paid in proceedings (by the 
entity or by directors / KMPs) with regulators/ law enforcement agencies/ judicial institutions, in the /f_inancial year, in the 
following format (Note: the entity shall make disclosures on the basis of materiality as speci/f_ied in Regulation 30 of SEBI 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Obligations) Regulations, 2015 and as disclosed on the entity’s website):
Monetary
Category NGRBC 
Principle
Name of the 
r
egulatory/ 
enforcement 
agencies/ 
judicial 
institutions
Amount (In `) Brief of the Case Has an 
appeal been 
preferred? 
(Y es/No)
Penalty/ Fine Yes SEBI  
(In accordance 
with the 
provision master 
circular to stock 
exchanges dt. 
December  
30, 2024)
1,00,00,000  MCX deposited `1,00,00,000 (Rupees One crore 
Only) into the “MCX Investor Protection Fund” 
on January 23, 2026, as a /f_inancial disincentive 
consequent to a technical glitch.
No
Penalty/ Fine Yes SEBI 25,00,000 SEBI’s Final Order dated May 26, 2025, 
pertaining to the Trading Software Contract of 
MCX and MCXCCL, did not sustain the principal 
allegations relating to outsourcing compliance 
and vendor transition against MCX, MCXCCL and 
certain KMPs. The Order, however, imposed a 
penalty of `25,00,000 (Rupees Twenty-/f_ive lakhs 
only) on MCX under Section 15HB of the SEBI 
Act, 1992, for delayed disclosure of payments 
made to the erstwhile vendor for extension of 
software support services.
No
Settlement - - - - -
Compounding 
fee
- - - - -
Non-Monetary
Category NGRBC 
Principle
Name of the r egulatory/ enforcement 
agencies/ judicial institutions
Brief of the 
Case
Has an appeal been 
preferred? (Y es/No)
Imprisonment Nil Nil - -
Punishment Nil Nil - -
EI-3. Of the instances disclosed in Question 2 above, details of the Appeal/ Revision preferred in cases where monetary or 
non-monetary action has b
een appealed.
S. 
No.
C ase Details Name of the regulatory/ enforcement agencies/ judicial institutions
1 Not Applicable -
EI-4. Does the entity have an anti-corruption or anti-bribery policy? If yes, provide details in brief and if available, provide a 
web
-link to the policy.
Yes, MCX has an anti-corruption and anti-bribery policy. The Policy describes company’s zero tolerance towards Bribery and Corruption.
Further
, anti-bribery aspects are also covered in our HR manual. Anti-Corruption and Anti-Bribery Policy is available on the Company’s 
website under Corporate Governance section of Investor Relations. (https://www.mcxindia.com/investor-relations/corporate-
governance).
Business Responsibility & Sustainability Report (Contd.)
161
EI-5. Number of Directors/KMPs/employees/workers against whom disciplinary action was taken by any law enforcement 
agency f
or the charges of bribery/ corruption:
Category Curr ent Financial Y ear Previous Financial Y ear
Directors 0 0
KMPs 0 0
Employees 0 0
Workers - -
EI-6. Details of complaints with regard to con/f_lict of interest:
Category Curr ent Financial Y ear Previous Financial Y ear
Number  
FY 2025 - 26
Remarks  
FY 2025 - 26
Number  
FY 2024-25
Remarks  
FY 2024-25
Number of complaints received in relation to issues of 
Con/f_lict of Interest of the Directors
0 - 0 -
Number of complaints received in relation to issues of 
Con/f_lict of Interest of the KMPs
0 - 0 -
Remark: There were no complaints received in relation to issues of con/f_lict of interest of the Directors/KMPs
EI-7. Provide details of any corrective action taken or underway on issues related to /f_ines/ penalties/ action taken by 
regulat
ors/ law enforcement agencies/ judicial institutions, on cases of corruption and con/f_licts of interest.
Not Applicable since no complaints were received with regards to issues of Con/f_lict of Interest of the Directors or KMPs.
EI-8. Number of da
ys of accounts payables ((Accounts payable *365) / Cost of goods/services procured) in the following format:
Particulars Curr ent Financial Y ear Previous Financial Y ear
Number of days of accounts payables 50 16
Remark: Number of days of accounts payables as stated above does not take into consideration the accrued expense of `12129 lakhs 
and `5,685 lakhs for FY 2026 and FY 2025 respectively
The number of days of accounts payable increased during this year, in line with the rise in the level of creditors.
EI-9. Open-ness of business - Provide details of concentration of purchases and sales with trading houses, dealers, and related 
parties along-with loans and advanc
es & investments, with related parties, in the following format:
Parameter Metrics FY 2025 - 26 FY 2024-25
C
oncentration 
of Purchases
a.  Purchases from trading houses as % of total purchases - -
b.  Number of trading houses where purchases are made from - -
c.  Purchases from top 10 trading houses as % of total purchases 
from trading houses - -
Concentration 
of Sales
a.  Sales to dealers / distributors as % of total sales - -
b.  Number of dealers / distributors to whom sales are made - -
c.  Sales to top 10 dealers / distributors as % of total sales to 
dealers / distributors - -
Share of RPTs in a.  Purchases (Purchases with related parties / Total Purchases) 49.25% 39.13%
b. Sales (Sales to related parties / Total Sales) 2.64% 4.56%
c.  Loans & advances (Loans & advances given to related parties / 
Total loans & advances) - -
d.  Investments (Investments in related parties / Total 
Investments made) 10.12% 18.54%
Remark: Increase in purchases with RPTs is mainly on account of increase in clearing & settlement expenses, which is directly linked 
to increase in transaction fees.
Further, decrease in sales to RPTs is mainly on account of decrease in IT & other infrastructure cost recovery from subsidiary in  
FY 2025-26 as compared to FY 2024-25.
Business Responsibility & Sustainability Report (Contd.)

--- page 98 ---
162
Statutory Reports
MCX Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
For the current year, no further investments made in related parties. The decrease in percentage of investments in related parties is 
mainly on account of an increase in investments in other than related party.
LEADERSHIP INDICATORS
LI-1. Awareness programmes conducted for value chain partners on any of the principles during the /f_inancial year:
S. 
No.
T otal number 
of awareness 
programmes held
Topics / principles covered under the training % of value chain partners 
covered (by value of business 
done with such partners) under 
the awareness programmes
1 ~2600 These programmes covered key elements of commodity market 
trading, such as responsible and transparent trading practices, 
hedging strategies and investors protection- aligning with principle 
1 and 9 of NGRBC.
A combination of physical and virtual training formats was adopted 
to ensure wider engagement. The digital mode signi/f_icantly 
improved our accessibility and contributed to extensive outreach.
100%*
*The programs are largely conducted under MCX IPF/ MCX ISF for general investors, value chain participants, academic students, 
exchange members etc.
LI-2. Does the entity have processes in place to avoid/ manage con/f_lict of interests involving members of the Board? (Y es/No) 
If y
es, provide details of the same. –
Yes, the Company has in place a Policy relating to avoidance of con/f_lict of interest by Directors and KMPs. Further, the Company takes 
necessary disclosur
es from each Director in relation to the same. Further, when a director is appointed, the Company conducts due 
diligence which includes details of con/f_lict of interest, if any. Important Issues (if any), pertaining to con/f_lict of interest are also placed 
in the Public Interest Directors (PID) Meeting.
PRINCIPLE 2: Businesses should provide goods and services in a manner that is sustainable and safe
ESSENTIAL  INDIC
ATORS
EI-1. Percentage of R&D and capital expenditure (capex) investments in speci/f_ic technologies to improve the environmental 
and social impacts of pr
oduct and processes to total R&D and capex investments made by the entity, respectively.
Particulars Curr ent 
Financial year
Previous 
Financial Y ear
Details of improvements in environmental  
and social impacts
R&D NA NA -
Capex 0 0 -
Remark: Previous year numbers have been restated.
EI-2. a. Does the entity have procedures in place for sustainable sourcing? (Y es/No) –
Yes
EI-2. b. If yes, what percentage of inputs were sourced sustainably? –
30.17%
EI-3. Describe the pr
ocesses in place to safely reclaim your products for reusing, recycling and disposing at the end of life for 
the following:
Category Description
(a) P
lastics (including packaging) Plastics including packaging are given to third party recyclers who recycle these products
(b) E-waste The e-waste is given to e-waste recyclers
(c) Hazardous waste For safe disposal of hazardous waste, the waste generated is given to certi/f_ied vendors
(d) Other waste Other Waste is given to certi/f_ied vendors
Remark: MCX is a commodity derivatives exchange providing electronic trading platform services. The Company does not manufacture, 
sell, or distribute any physical products; hence there are no products to be reclaimed / reused at end of life. The details mentioned 
above are limited to our business operations.
Business Responsibility & Sustainability Report (Contd.)
163
EI-4. Whether Extended Producer Responsibility (EPR) is applicable to the entity’s activities (Y es / No). If yes, whether the 
wast
e collection plan is in line with the Extended Producer Responsibility (EPR) plan submitted to Pollution Control Boards? 
If not, provide steps taken to address the same. –
No
LEADERSHIP  INDIC
ATORS
LI-1. Has the entity conducted Life Cycle Perspective / Assessments (LCA) for any of its products (for manufacturing industry) 
or for its servic
es (for service industry)? If yes, provide details in the following format?
S. 
No.
NIC C ode Name of 
Product /
Service
% of total 
Turnover 
contributed
Boundary for which the 
Life Cycle Perspective 
/ Assessment was 
conducted
Whether conducted by 
independent external 
agency (Y es/No)
Results communicated 
in public domain (Y es/
No) If yes, provide the 
web-link.
- - - - - - -
Not Applicable to MCX owing to the nature of its operations.
LI-2. If there are any signi/f_icant social or environmental concerns and/or risks arising from production or disposal of your 
pro
ducts / services, as identi/f_ied in the Life Cycle Perspective / Assessments (LCA) or through any other means, brie/f_ly describe 
the same along-with action taken to mitigate the same.
S. 
No.
Name of P roduct / Service Description of the risk / concern Action Taken
- - - -
Not Applicable to MCX owing to the nature of its operations.
LI-3. Percentage of recycled or reused input material to total material (by value) used in production (for manufacturing 
industry) or pr
oviding services (for service industry).
Not Applicable to MCX owing to the nature of its operations.
LI-4. O f the pr
oducts and packaging reclaimed at end of life of products, disclose the amount (in metric tonnes) reused, 
recy
cled, and safely disposed, as per the following format:
FY 2025-26 FY 2024-25
Re-U
sed Recycled Safely 
Disposed
Re-Used Recycled Safely 
Disposed
Plastics (including packaging) - - - - - -
E-waste - - - - - -
Hazardous waste - - - - - -
Other waste - - - - - -
Not Applicable to MCX owing to the nature of its operations.
LI-5. Reclaimed products and their packaging materials (as percentage of products sold) for each product category.
S. 
No.
I ndicate product category Reclaimed products and their packaging materials as % of total  
products sold in respective category
- - -
Not Applicable to MCX owing to the nature of its operations.
Business Responsibility & Sustainability Report (Contd.)

--- page 99 ---
164
Statutory Reports
MCX Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
PRINCIPLE 3: Businesses should respect and promote the well-being of all employees, including those in their value chains
ESSENTIAL INDICATORS
EI-1. a. Details of measures for the well-being of employees:
Category FY 2025-26
% of employ
ees covered by
Total 
(A)
Health  insurance Accident insurance Maternity bene/f_its Paternity bene/f_its Day Care facilities
Number 
(B)
%  
(B / A)
Number 
(C)
%  
(C / A)
Number 
(D)
%  
(D / A)
Number 
(E)
%  
(E / A)
Number 
(F)
%  
(F / A)
Permanent Employees
Male 343 343 100 343 100 - - 343 100 - -
Female 93 93 100 93 100 93 100 - 0 93 100
Total 436 436 100 436 100 93 100 343 100 93 100
Other than permanent Employees
Male 35 35 100 35 100 - - 35 100 - -
Female 7 7 100 7 100 7 100 - 0 7 100
Total 42 42 100 42 100 7 100 35 100 7 100
EI-1. b. Details of measures for the well-being of workers:
Category FY 2025-26
% of wor
kers covered by
Total  
(A)
Health insurance Accident insurance Maternity bene/f_its Paternity bene/f_its Day Care facilities
Number 
(B)
%  
(B / A)
Number 
(C)
%  
(C / A)
Number 
(D)
%  
(D / A)
Number 
(E)
%  
(E / A)
Number 
(F)
%  
(F / A)
Permanent Workers
Male - - - - - - - - - - -
Female - - - - - - - - - - -
Total - - - - - - - - - - -
Other than permanent Workers
Male - - - - - - - - - - -
Female - - - - - - - - - - -
Total - - - - - - - - - - -
EI-1. c. Spending on measures towards well-being of employees and workers (including permanent and other than permanent) 
in the follo
wing format:
Particulars Curr ent Financial 
Y ear
Previous Financial 
Y ear
Cost incurred on wellbeing measures as a % of total revenue of the Company  0.04% 0.03%
Remark: Previous year numbers have been restated.
Business Responsibility & Sustainability Report (Contd.)
165
EI-2. Details of retirement bene/f_its, for Current Financial Y ear and Previous Financial Y ear.
Bene/f_its FY 2025-26 FY 2024-25
No
. of 
employees 
covered as 
a % of total 
employees. 
(CY)
No. of workers 
covered as 
a % of total 
workers.  
(CY)
Deducted and 
deposited 
with the 
authority 
(Y/N/N.A.). 
(CY)
No. of 
employees 
covered as 
a % of total 
employees. 
(PY)
No. of workers 
covered as 
a % of total 
workers.  
(PY)
Deducted and 
deposited with 
the authority 
(Y/N/N.A.). (PY)
PF* 83.91 - Y 83.33 - Y
Gratuity# 96.78 - Y 94.10 - Y
ESI Nil - - Nil - -
Others – please specify Nil - - Nil - -
*Some employees opted out of PF bene/f_its.
#All eligible employees are under gratuity bene/f_its.
EI-3. Are the premises / oﬃces of the entity accessible to diﬀerently-abled employees and workers, as per the requirements of 
the Righ
ts of Persons with Disabilities Act, 2016? If not, whether any steps are being taken by the entity in this regard.
Yes, the Company’s premises are designed to be accessible to diﬀerently-abled employees, workers, and visitors, in line with the 
requiremen
ts of the Rights of Persons with Disabilities Act, 2016. Accessibility provisions at the Company’s oﬃces include ramps 
for ease of entry and movement, wheelchair accessibility across common areas and accessible washroom facilities. The Company is 
committed to fostering an inclusive workplace and continues to assess its premises periodically to identify and implement further 
accessibility improvements as may be required.
EI-4. Does the entity have an equal opportunity policy as per the Rights of Persons with Disabilities Act, 2016? If so, provide 
a web-link t
o the policy. –
Yes, Equal Opportunity Policy is available on the Company’s intranet portal.
EI-5. Return to w
ork and Retention rates of permanent employees and workers that took parental leave.
Gender FY 2025-26
Permanen
t employees Permanent workers
Return to work rate Retention rate Return to work rate Retention rate
Male 100% 100% - -
Female 100% 100% - -
Total 100% 100% - -
EI-6. Is there a mechanism available to receive and redress grievances for the following categories of employees and worker? 
If yes
, give details of the mechanism in brief.
Category Yes/N o (If yes, then give details of the mechanism in brief)
Permanent Workers -
Other than Permanent Workers -
Permanent Employees Yes, we have a grievance policy with the mechanism listed in the same.
Other than Permanent Employees Yes, we have a grievance policy with the mechanism listed in the same.
Business Responsibility & Sustainability Report (Contd.)

--- page 100 ---
166
Statutory Reports
MCX Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
EI-7. Membership of employees and worker in association(s) or Unions recognized by the listed entity:
Category FY 2025-26 FY 2024-25
Total 
emplo
yees 
/ workers in 
respective 
category (A)
No. of employees / 
workers in respective 
category, who are 
part of association(s) 
or Union (B)
%  
(B / A)
Total 
employees 
/ workers in 
respective 
category (C)
No. of employees / 
workers in respective 
category, who are 
part of association(s)
or Union (D)
%  
(D / C)
Total Permanent Employees 436 0 0 400 0 0
Male 343 0 0 317 0 0
Female 93 0 0 83 0 0
Total Permanent Workers - - - - - -
Male - - - - - -
Female - - - - - -
EI-8. Details of training given to employees and workers:
Category FY 2025-26 FY 2024-25
Total (
A) On Health and safety 
measures
On Skill  
upgradation
Total  
(D)
On Health and safety 
measures
On Skill 
upgradation
No. (B) % (B / A) No. (C) % (C / A) No. (E) % (E / D) No. (F) % (F / D)
Employees
Male 378 378 100 378 100 317 232 73 317 100
Female 100 100 100 100 100 83 70 84 83 100
Total 478 478 100 478 100 400 302 75 400 100
Workers
Male - - - - - - - - - -
Female - - - - - - - - - -
Total - - - - - - - - - -
EI-9. Details of performance and career development reviews of employees and workers:
Category FY 2025-26 FY 2024-25
M
ale: Employees 100% 100%
Female: Employees 100% 100%
Male: Workers - -
Female: Workers - -
Remark: All eligible employees received performance and career development reviews. Previous year numbers have been restated.
EI-10. a. Whether an occupational health and safety management system has been implemented by the entity? (Y es/ No).  
If so, the c
overage such system? –
We conduct regular /f_ire safety trainings, evacuation drills and follow safety protocols for workforce as well as workplace. A medical 
professional is a
vailable on site daily, with online consultation support in case of emergencies. These initiatives cover all the employees 
across our operations.
EI-10. b. What are the processes used to identify work-related hazards and assess risks on a routine and non-routine basis by 
the entity? –.
T
rained safety personnel take regular rounds in the oﬃce to notice / identify any safety hazard. In case a safety hazard is identi/f_ied, 
necessary ac
tion is taken to remove / mitigate them at the earliest.
EI-10. c. Whether you have processes for workers to report the work-related hazards and to remove themselves from such 
risks. (Y/N) –
Y
es. We have a helpdesk where people can call and report any hazard. Further, till the time the hazard is neutralized, the occupancy 
is remov
ed.
Business Responsibility & Sustainability Report (Contd.)
167
EI-10. d. Do the employees/ worker of the entity have access to non-occupational medical and healthcare services? (Y es/ No)-
Yes, employees have access non-occupational medical and healthcare services.
EI-11. Details of safet
y related incidents, in the following format:
Safety Incident/Number Ca tegory FY 2025-26 FY 2024-25
Lost Time Injury Frequency Rate (LTIFR)  
(per one million-person hours worked)
Employees 0 0
Workers 0 0
Total recordable work-related injuries Employees 0 0
Workers 0 0
No. of fatalities Employees 0 0
Workers 0 0
High consequence work-related injury or ill-health  
(excluding fatalities)
Employees 0 0
Workers 0 0
Number of Permanent Disabilities Employees 0 0
Workers 0 0
EI-12. Describe the measures taken by the entity to ensure a safe and healthy work place.
The Company has implemented safety practices at workplace and monitors it eﬀectively. As a part of safety practices, it provides 
training to its w
orkforce on Fire Safety and carries out evacuation drills. Systems are installed to detect any safety related incidents and 
mitigation controls are in place. Fire safety and electrical safety audits are carried out annually to maintain the safety standards and 
practices across the organization. A well-developed incident management system is established to report any incident, investigate 
the root cause and implement eﬀective mitigation controls to avoid any such incident in future.
EI-13. Number of Complaints on the following made by employees and workers:
FY 2025-26 FY 2024-25
Filed during 
the y
ear
Pending 
resolution at 
the end of year
Remarks Filed during 
the year
Pending 
resolution at 
the end of year
Remarks
Working Conditions 0 0 - 0 0 -
Health & Safety 0 0 - 0 0 -
EI-14. Assessments for the year:
Category % of your plan ts and oﬃces that were assessed 
(by entity or statutory authorities or third parties)
Health and safety practices 100%
Working Conditions 100%
EI-15. Provide details of any corrective action taken or underway to address safety-related incidents (if any) and on signi/f_icant 
risks / concerns arising fr
om assessments of health & safety practices and working conditions.
Remark: Based on the response provided for EI-11 and EI.13 – Not Applicable for EI-15.
LEADERSHIP  INDIC
ATORS
LI-1. Does the entity extend any life insurance or any compensatory package in the event of death of (A) Employees (Y/N) (B) 
Work
ers (Y/N). –
(A)  Employees – Yes
(B)  W
orker – Not applicable
Remark: We provide Term Life Insurance to the employees, the bene/f_it of which is given to family in event of death of the employee.
LI-2. Provide the measures undertaken by the entity to ensure that statutory dues have been deducted and deposited by the 
value chain partners
.
MCX undertake measures to ensure that statutory dues have been deducted and deposited by the value chain partners who have 
deployed manpo
wer to MCX.
Business Responsibility & Sustainability Report (Contd.)

--- page 101 ---
168
Statutory Reports
MCX Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
LI-3. Provide the number of employees or workers having suﬀered high consequence work-related injury / ill-health / fatalities 
(as reported in EI-11 above), who have been are rehabilitated and placed in suitable employment or whose family members 
have been placed in suitable employment.
Category Total no . of aﬀected employees/  
workers
No. of employees/workers  
that are rehabilitated and placed in 
suitable employment or whose family 
members have been placed in  
suitable employment
FY 2025-26 FY 2024-25 FY 2025-26 FY 2024-25
Employees 0 0 0 0
Workers 0 0 0 0
LI-4. Does the entity provide transition assistance programs to facilitate continued employability and the management of 
career endings r
esulting from retirement or termination of employment? (Y es/ No) –
No
LI-5. Details on assessment of v
alue chain partners:
Category % of value chain par tners (by value of business done with such partners) that were assessed
Health and safety practices -
Working Conditions -
Remark: Currently MCX does not undertake speci/f_ic assessment for its value chain partners for the categories of health & safety 
and working conditions but we expect all our value chain partners to follow the policies and protocols expected from them in their 
operations.
LI-6. Provide details of any corrective actions taken or underway to address signi/f_icant risks / concerns arising from 
assessments of health and safet
y practices and working conditions of value chain partners.
Not applicable based on the response on LI. 5
Business Responsibilit
y & Sustainability Report (Contd.)
169
PRINCIPLE 4: Businesses should respect the interests of and be responsive to all its stakeholders
ESSENTIAL  INDIC
ATORS
EI-1. Describe the processes for identifying key stakeholder groups of the entity. –
The Company engages with myriad stakeholders and has mapped its key stakeholders viz Members, Employees, Physical Market 
Par
ticipants, Shareholders and Investors, Regulatory Authorities, Suppliers/Vendors, Communities and NGOs etc.
EI-2. List stakeholder groups identi/f_ied as key for your entity and the frequency of engagement with each stakeholder group.
S. 
No.
S takeholder 
Group
Whether identi/f_ied 
as Vulnerable & 
Marginalized Group 
(Y es/No)
Channels of 
communication
Frequency of 
engagement  
(Annually/ Half yearly/ 
Quarterly / others)
Purpose and scope of 
engagement
1 Shareholders/
Investors
No Email, SMS, Newspaper 
Advertisement, Circulars, 
Website, Annual General 
Meetings, Intimation to 
Stock Exchanges, Annual 
and Quarterly Financials 
and Investor Meetings
Ongoing To stay abreast of 
developments in the 
Company
2 Employees No Direct & other 
communication 
mechanisms
Ongoing The Company follows an 
open-door policy
3 Customers No Multiple channels – 
physical and digital
Ongoing Separate investor 
grievance mechanism is 
in place for addressing 
any concerns/ issues
4 Channel 
Partners and 
Key partners
No Multiple channels – 
physical and digital
Ongoing Helps to increase reach 
and enhance business
5 Regulators No Email, one-on-one 
meetings, conference 
calls, videoconference 
calls.
Ongoing Discussions with regard 
to various regulations 
and amendments, 
inspections, approvals
6 Communities 
and NGOs
Yes Directly/indirectly Ongoing Support socially high 
impact projects
LEADERSHIP INDICATORS
LI-1. Provide the processes for consultation between stakeholders and the Board on economic, environmental, and social 
topics or if consulta
tion is delegated, how is feedback from such consultations provided to the Board.
The Company has always maintained a constant and proactive engagement with key stakeholders. This enables the Company to 
better c
ommunicate its strategies and performance to the relevant stakeholders. An approach with continuous engagement helps 
align expectations, thereby enabling the Company to better serve its stakeholders in various aspects. The Board is kept abreast on 
various developments and feedback on the same is sought from the directors.
LI-2. Whether stakeholder consultation is used to support the identi/f_ication and management of environmental, and social 
topics (Y
es / No). If so, provide details of instances as to how the inputs received from stakeholders on these topics were 
incorporated into policies and activities of the entity.
Yes, Stakeholder consultation is taken into consideration in order to support the identi/f_ication and management of various projects. 
This consulta
tion is then translated into action items undertaken by MCX’s CSR activities throughout the year.
LI-3. Provide details of instances of engagement with, and actions taken to, address the concerns of vulnerable/ marginalized 
stakeholder groups
.
The Company’s representatives always hear and address the concerns of the communities with an approach and mindset to resolve 
the issue. T
he programs encompass holistic community development, institutional building, and sustainability related initiative. List 
of projects updated on website at https://www.mcxindia.com/about-us
Business Responsibility & Sustainability Report (Contd.)

--- page 102 ---
170
Statutory Reports
MCX Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
PRINCIPLE 5: Businesses should respect and promote human rights
ESSENTIAL INDICATORS
EI-1. Employees and workers who have been provided training on human rights issues and policy(is) of the entity, in the 
following f
ormat:
Category FY 2025-26 FY 2024-25
Total (
A) No. of 
employees /  
workers 
covered (B)
% (B / A) Total(C) No. of 
employees /  
workers 
covered (D)
% (D / C)
Employees
Permanent 436 436 100 400 400 100
Other than permanent 42 42 100 56 56 100
Total Employees 478 478 100 456 456 100
Workers
Permanent - - - - - -
Other than permanent - - - - - -
Total Workers - - - - - -
Remark: Previous year numbers have been restated.
EI-2. Details of minimum wages paid to employees, in the following format:
Category FY 2025-26 FY 2024-25
Total (
A) Equal to Minimum 
Wage
More than 
Minimum Wage
Total(D) Equal to Minimum 
Wage
More than 
Minimum Wage
No. (B) % (B /A) No. (C) % (C / A) No.(E) % (E /D) No.(F) % (F /D)
Employees
Permanent 436 0 0 436 100 400 0 0 400 100
Male 343 0 0 343 100 317 0 0 317 100
Female 93 0 0 93 100 83 0 0 83 100
Other than Permanent 42 0 0 42 100 56 0 0 56 100
Male 35 0 0 35 100 41 0 0 41 100
Female 7 0 0 7 100 15 0 0 15 100
Workers
Permanent - - - - - - - - - -
Male - - - - - - - - - -
Female - - - - - - - - - -
Other than Permanent - - - - - - - - - -
Male - - - - - - - - - -
Female - - - - - - - - - -
EI-3. a. Details of remuneration/salary/wages, in the following format: Median remuneration/wages:
FY 2025-26
Male F
emale
Number Median remuneration/ salary/ 
wages of respective category
Number Median remuneration/ salary/ 
wages of respective category
Board of Directors (BoD) 6 58,00,000 2 `66,00,000 –Sitting fee paid to PID
`4,11,83,746 – Remuneration paid 
to MD&CEO #
Key Managerial Personnel 17 1,17,50,643 6 90,96,796
Business Responsibility & Sustainability Report (Contd.)
171
FY 2025-26
Male F
emale
Number Median remuneration/ salary/ 
wages of respective category
Number Median remuneration/ salary/ 
wages of respective category
Employees other than BoD 
and KMP
361 15,05,000 94 14,40,749
Workers - - - -
# There are two women Directors namely, Ms. Sonu Bhasin, PID, who was paid sitting fee and Ms. Praveena Rai, MD&CEO was paid 
remuneration during the year. Since the category of Directorship is diﬀerent, actual remuneration is disclosed instead of the median.
* Woman Director, Ms. Praveena Rai MD&CEO median remuneration paid is not included under KMPs. Count added in both BoD and 
KMP . For further details please refer the Annual Report of FY 2024-25, 
Remark: The variable pay which is considered as part of median remuneration for KMP’s include the total variable. 50 % of the same 
will be deferred
EI-3. b. Provide information on Gross wages paid to females by the entity, in the following format:
Particulars Curr ent Financial Y ear Previous Financial Y ear
Gross wages paid to females as % of total wages 20.97% 18.75%
EI-4. Do you have a focal point (Individual/ Committee) responsible for addressing human rights impacts or issues caused or 
contribut
ed to by the business? (Y es/No)
Yes, we do have a focal point responsible for addressing the above. As per our Human Rights Policy, the Redressal Committee looks 
into the ma
tters relating to human rights.
EI-5. Describe the internal mechanisms in place to redress grievances related to human rights issues.
MCX is committ
ed to ensuring that all grievances (if any) pertaining to human rights issues are resolved and redressed through our 
inter
nal mechanisms.
The Company is committed to providing equal opportunities to all individuals and is intolerant towards discrimination and / or 
harassment based on race, sex, nationality, ethnicity, origin, religion, age, disability, sexual orientation, gender identi/f_ication and 
expression (including transgender identity), political opinion, medical condition, language as protected by applicable laws.
The Company has a Policy on Prevention, Prohibition and Redressal of Sexual Harassment of Women at the Workplace and has an 
Internal Complaints Committee (ICC) in compliance with the Sexual Harassment of Women at Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition and 
Redressal) Act, 2013. Members of the Company’s ICC are responsible for conducting inquiries pertaining to any complaint.
The Company on a regular basis sensitizes its employees on the prevention of sexual harassment at the workplace through workshops, 
group meetings, online training modules and awareness programme which are held on a regular basis. Human Rights Policy is 
available on Company’s website under Corporate Governance section of Investor Relations (https://www.mcxindia.com/investor-
relations/corporate-governance).
EI-6. Number of Complaints on the following made by employees and workers:
FY 2025-26 FY 2024-25
Filed during 
the y
ear
Pending 
resolution 
at the end of 
year
Remarks Filed during 
the year
Pending 
resolution 
at the end of 
year
Remarks
Sexual Harassment 0 0 NA 0 0 NA
Discrimination at workplace 0 0 NA 0 0 NA
Child Labor 0 0 NA 0 0 NA
Forced Labor/Involuntary Labor 0 0 NA 0 0 NA
Wages 0 0 NA 0 0 NA
Other human rights related issues 0 0 NA 0 0 NA
Business Responsibility & Sustainability Report (Contd.)

--- page 103 ---
172
Statutory Reports
MCX Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
EI-7. Complaints /f_iled under the Sexual Harassment of Women at Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition and Redressal) Act, 
2013, in the following format:
Particulars Curr ent Financial Y ear Previous Financial Y ear
Total Complaints reported under Sexual Harassment on of Women at Workplace 
(Prevention, Prohibition and Redressal) Act, 2013 (POSH) 0 0
Complaints on POSH as a % of female employees / workers 0% 0%
Complaints on POSH upheld - -
EI-8. Mechanisms to prevent adverse consequences to the complainant in discrimination and harassment cases.
As par
t of Whistle-blower Policy, Prevention, Prohibition and Redressal of Sexual Harassment of Women Policy and Human Rights 
Policy
, the Company protects the identity of the complainant. All such matters are dealt with strict con/f_identiality.
EI-9. Do human rights requirements form part of your business agreements and contracts? (Y es/No)
Yes
, in business agreements and contracts, where relevant.
EI-10. Assessments for the year:
Category % of your plan ts and oﬃces that were assessed (by entity or statutory authorities or third 
parties)
Child labor 100%
Forced/involuntary labor 100%
Sexual harassment 100%
Discrimination at workplace 100%
Wages 100%
Others – please specify -
EI-11. Provide details of any corrective actions taken or underway to address signi/f_icant risks / concerns arising from the 
assessments at Q
uestion 10 above.
Not Applicable since no such signi/f_icant risks / concerns have been identi/f_ied in the /f_inancial year.
LEADERSHIP  INDIC
ATORS
LI-1. Details of a business process being modi/f_ied / introduced as a result of addressing human rights grievances/complaints.
Not Applicable since such grievances/complaints with respect to human rights were not made in the /f_inancial year.
LI-2. Details of the scop
e and coverage of any human rights due-diligence conducted.
Currently, MCX has not conducted any human rights due-diligence.
LI-3. Is the premise/oﬃce of the entity accessible to diﬀerently abled visitors, as per the requirements of the Rights of Persons 
with Disabilities Ac
t, 2016?
Yes, the Company’s premises are designed to be accessible to diﬀerently-abled employees, workers, and visitors, in line with the 
requiremen
ts of the Rights of Persons with Disabilities Act, 2016. Accessibility provisions at the Company’s oﬃces include ramps 
for ease of entry and movement, wheelchair accessibility across common areas, and accessible cloakroom/washroom facilities. The 
Company is committed to fostering an inclusive workplace and continues to assess its premises periodically to identify and implement 
further accessibility improvements as may be required.
LI-4. Details on assessment of value chain partners:
Category % of value chain par tners (by value of business done with such partners) that were assessed
Sexual harassment -
Discrimination at workplace -
Child labor -
Forced/involuntary labor -
Wages -
Others – please specify -
Business Responsibility & Sustainability Report (Contd.)
173
Remark: Although no speci/f_ic assessments have been conducted by MCX for value chain partners with respect to the above parameters, 
MCX expec
ts their value chain partners to adhere to the best practices and follow the same policies and practices to ensure safety and 
good working conditions as MCX.
LI-5. Provide details of any corrective actions taken or underway to address signi/f_icant risks / concerns arising from the 
assessments at LI-4 ab
ove.
Not Applicable
PRINCIPLE 6: Businesses should r
espect and make eﬀorts to protect and restore the environment
ESSENTIAL INDICATORS
EI-1. Details of total energy consumption in GigaJoules (GJ), in the following format: 
Parameter FY 2025-26 FY 2024-25
F
rom renewable sources
Total electricity consumption (A) 0 0
Total fuel consumption (B) 0 0
Energy consumption through other sources (C) 0 0
Total energy consumed from renewable sources (A+B+C) 0 0
From non-renewable sources
Total electricity consumption (D) 10,297 11,314
Total fuel consumption (E) 202 153
Energy consumption through other sources (F) 0 0
Total energy consumed from non-renewable sources (D+E+F) 10,499 11467
Total energy consumed (A+B+C+D+E+F) 10,499 11467
Energy intensity per rupee of turnover (Total energy consumption/ turnover in 
lakhs rupees)
0.046 GJ/lakh 0.11 GJ/lakh
Energy intensity per rupee of turnover adjusted for Purchasing Power Parity 
(PPP) (Total energy consumed / Revenue from operations adjusted for PPP)
0.94 GJ/lakh 2.41 GJ/ lakh
Energy intensity in terms of physical output - -
Remark: MCX considers intensity /f_igure per rupee of turnover to be the more relevant representation for its business instead of 
physical output or other optional /f_igures and hence has opted to report it in this manner.
Despite growth in headcount and business operations during the year, electricity consumption decreased owing to the deployment 
of an energy-eﬃcient Variable Refrigerant Volume (VRV) air-conditioning system
EI-1. Indicate if any independent assessment/evaluation/assurance for energy has been conducted by an external agency. If 
yes, pr
ovide the name of the agency:
Yes, Reasonable Assurance has been conducted by Kirtane & Pandit LLP on BRSR Core.
EI-2. Does the en
tity have any sites / facilities identi/f_ied as designated consumers (DCs) under the Performance, Achieve and 
Trade (P
AT) Scheme of the Government of India? (Y/N) If yes, disclose whether targets set under the PAT scheme have been 
achieved. In case targets have not been achieved, provide the remedial action taken, if any.
Not Applicable
Business Responsibilit
y & Sustainability Report (Contd.)

--- page 104 ---
174
Statutory Reports
MCX Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
EI-3. Provide details of the following disclosures related to water, in the following format:
Parameter FY 2025-26 FY 2024-25
W
ater withdrawal by source (in kilolitres)
(i)  Surface water 0 0
(ii) Groundwater 2,695 1,730
(iii) Third party water 8,223 7,100
(iv) Seawater / desalinated water 0 0
(v)  Others 0 0
Total volume of water withdrawal (in kilolitres) (i + ii + iii + iv + v)  10,918 8,830
Total volume of water consumption (in kilolitres)  2,184  1,766
Water intensity per rupee of turnover (Water consumed / turnover) 0.010 kL/lakh 0.017 kL/lakh
Water intensity per rupee of turnover adjusted for Purchasing Power Parity (PPP) 
(Total water consumption / Revenue from operations adjusted for PPP) 0.19 kL/lakh 0.37 kL/lakh
Water intensity in terms of physical output NA NA
Water intensity (optional) – the relevant metric may be selected by the entity. NA NA
Remarks: MCX considers intensity /f_igure per rupee of turnover to be the more relevant representation for its business instead of 
physical output or other optional /f_igures and hence has opted to report it in this manner.
Water consumption at MCX is essentially for purposes such as drinking and cooking requirements of employees. Of the total water 
consumed, approximately 80% is assumed to be discharged, while the remaining 20% is assumed to be consumed in these activities.
EI-3. Indicate if any independent assessment/ evaluation/assurance has been carried out by an external agency? (Y/N) If yes, 
name of the ext
ernal agency. -
Yes, Reasonable Assurance has been conducted by Kirtane & Pandit LLP on BRSR Core.
EI-4. Pr
ovide the following details related to water discharged: Water discharge by destination and level of treatment (in 
kilolitres)
Parameter FY 2025-26 FY 2024-25
W
ater discharge by destination and level of treatment (in kilolitres)
(i) To Surface water
 - No treatment - -
  With treatment – please specify level of treatment - -
(ii) To Groundwater
 - No treatment - -
  With treatment – please specify level of treatment - -
(iii) To Seawater
 -  No treatment - -
  With treatment – please specify level of treatment - -
(iv) Sent to third-parties
 - No treatment  8,734  7,064
  With treatment – please specify level of treatment - -
(v) Others
 - No treatment - -
  With treatment – please specify level of treatment - -
Total water discharged (in kilolitres)  8,734  7,064
Remarks: Restatements for the surface water withdrawal /f_igures and water discharged /f_igures for the previous /f_inancial year have 
been undertaken in this report
Water consumption at MCX is essentially for purposes such as drinking and cooking requirements of employees. Of the total water 
consumed, approximately 80% is assumed to be discharged, while the remaining 20% is assumed to be consumed in these activities.
Business Responsibility & Sustainability Report (Contd.)
175
EI-4. Indicate if any independent assessment/ evaluation/assurance has been carried out by an external agency? (Y/N) If yes, 
name of the ex
ternal agency. -
Yes, Reasonable Assurance has been conducted by Kirtane & Pandit LLP on BRSR Core.
EI-5. Has the en tit
y implemented a mechanism for Zero Liquid Discharge? If yes, provide details of its coverage and 
implementation. –
No, we have currently not implemented Zero Liquid Discharge.
EI-6. Please pro
vide details of air emissions (other than GHG emissions) by the entity, in the following format: 
Parameter Please specify unit C urrent Fiscal Y ear Previous Fiscal Y ear
NOx mg/Nm3 52.70 1285.89
SOx mg/Nm3 94.00 99.41
Particulate matter (PM) mg/Nm3 47.09 64.48
Persistent organic pollutants (POP) - - -
Volatile organic compounds (VOC) - - -
Hazardous air pollutants (HAP) - - -
Others – please specify in the remark section mg/Nm3 411.37 87.70
Remark: Others include carbon monoxide
EI-6. Indicate if any independent assessment/evaluation/assurance for Air emissions has been conducted by an external 
agency
. If Y es, provide the name of the agency:
Yes. Equinox Labs
EI-7. Pr
ovide details of greenhouse gas emissions (Scope 1 and Scope 2) in MtCO2e, in the follo wing format: 
Parameter Unit Curr ent Fiscal Y ear Previous Fiscal Y ear
Total Scope 1 emissions tCO2e 15 12
Total Scope 2 emissions in MTCO2e tCO2e 2105 2232
Total Scope 1 and 2 emissions per rupee of turnover tCO2e /Rupee of 
turnover 0.0093 tCO2e/ Lakh 0.022 tCO 2e/ Lakh
Total Scope 1 and 2 emissions per rupee of turnover adjusted 
for Purchasing Power Parity (PPP)
tCO2e /Rupee of 
turnover 0.19 tCO2e/ Lakh 0.47 tCO 2e / Lakh
Remark: Scope 2 emissions decreased from the previous year due to the installation of a centralized VRV air-conditioning system, 
which improved energy eﬃciency and reduced electricity consumption.
EI-7. Indicate if any independent assessment/evaluation/assurance for GHG Emissions (Scope 1 and 2) has been conducted by 
an ex
ternal agency. If Y es, provide the name of the agency: -
Yes, Reasonable Assurance has been conducted by Kirtane & Pandit LLP on BRSR Core.
EI-8. Does the en
tity have any project related to reducing Green House Gas emission? If Y es, then provide details.
Yes, The organization has upgraded its air-conditioning infrastructure by installing a Variable Refrigerant Volume (VRV) system, 
consolidating multiple air
-conditioning units into a centralized system with a single exhaust. This enhancement has improved energy 
eﬃciency, optimized cooling performance, and contributed to a reduction in Scope 2 greenhouse gas emissions through lower 
electricity consumption.
Business Responsibility & Sustainability Report (Contd.)

--- page 105 ---
176
Statutory Reports
MCX Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
EI-9 Provide details related to waste management by the entity for the Current Financial Y ear:
Parameter FY 2025-26 FY 2024-25
T
otal Waste generated (in metric tonnes)
Plastic waste (A) 0.18 0.39
E-waste(B) 2.60 0.4
Bio-medical waste (C) 0 0
Construction and demolition waste (D) 0 0
Battery waste (E) 0 0
Radioactive waste (F) 0 0
Other Hazardous waste. Please specify, if any. (G) 0 0
Other Non-hazardous waste generated (H). Please specify, if any. (Break-up by 
composition i.e. by materials relevant to the sector)
5.25 3.32
Total (A + B + C + D + E + F + G + H) 8.03 4.11
Waste intensity per rupee of turnover (Total Waste Generated / Revenue from 
operations)
0.0000352 MT/lakh 0.0000406 MT / lakh
Waste intensity per rupee of turnover adjusted for Purchasing Power Parity (PPP) 
(Total Waste Generated / Revenue from operations adjusted for PPP)
 0.000716 MT/lakh 0.000864 MT / lakh
Waste intensity in terms of physical output
Waste intensity (optional) the relevant metric may be selected by the entity
For each category of waste generated, total waste recovered through recycling, re-using or other recovery operations  
(in metric tonnes)
Category of waste -
(i) Recycled 0 0*
(ii) Re-used 0 0
(iii) Other recovery operations 0 0
Total Waste Recycled, Re-used and other recovery operations 0 0
*Remark: Previous year numbers have been restated.
EI-9. Indicate if any independent assessment/evaluation/assurance for Waste has been conducted by an external agency. If 
Yes, pr
ovide the name of the agency: -
Yes, Reasonable Assurance has been conducted by Kirtane & Pandit LLP on BRSR Core.
EI-10. Brie/f_ly describe the w
aste management practices adopted in your establishments. Describe the strategy adopted by 
your Compan
y to reduce usage of hazardous and toxic chemicals in your products and processes and the practices adopted 
to manage such wastes.
MCX has a comprehensive waste management policy and manages waste in accordance with its established guidelines. Waste is 
segrega
ted at source and collected in designated bins. Food waste is handed over to the municipal waste management authorities, 
while dry waste, including paper, packaging materials, and metal scrap, is sent to authorized recyclers. Plastic waste is managed 
through an approved recycling arrangement. Hazardous waste, such as spent oil, is disposed of through authorized oil recyclers, and 
e-waste is handed over to authorized e-waste recyclers. All waste is disposed of in compliance with applicable regulatory requirements.
EI-11. If the entity has operations/oﬃces in/around ecologically sensitive areas (such as national parks, wildlife sanctuaries, 
biosphere reser
ves, wetlands, biodiversity hotspots, forests, coastal regulation zones etc.) where environmental approvals / 
clearances are required, please specify details in the following format:
S. 
No.
L ocation of 
operations/oﬃces
Type of 
operations
Whether the conditions of environmental approval / clearance are being complied 
with? (Y/N) If no, the reasons thereof and corrective action taken, if any.
1
Remark: No, our oﬃces and operations are not in/around ecologically sensitive areas
Business Responsibility & Sustainability Report (Contd.)
177
EI-12. Details of environmental impact assessments of projects undertaken by the entity based on applicable laws, in the 
curren
t /f_inancial year:
S. 
No.
Name and brief 
details of pr
oject
EIA 
Noti/f_ication 
No.
Date Whether conducted by 
independent external 
agency (Y es / No)
Results communicated in 
public domain (Y es / No)
Relevant Web 
link
- - - - - - -
Remark: No environmental impact assessments of projects have been undertaken by the entity based on applicable laws, in the 
current /f_inancial year
EI-13. Is the entity compliant with the applicable environmental law/ regulations/ guidelines in India; such as the Water 
(Pr
evention and Control of Pollution) Act, Air (Prevention and Control of Pollution) Act, Environment protection act and rules 
thereunder (Y/N). If not, provide details of all such non-compliances, in the following format:
S. 
No.
Sp ecify the law / regulation 
/ guidelines which was not 
complied with
Provide details of the 
non-compliance
Any /f_ines / penalties / action taken by 
regulatory agencies such as pollution 
control boards or by courts
Corrective action 
taken, if any
1 Nil Nil Nil Nil
Remark: Principle 6 data has been collated and calculated for MCX Corporate oﬃce which accounts for majority of the employee base.
LEADERSHIP INDICATORS
LI-1. Water withdrawal, consumption and discharge in areas of water stress (in kilolitres):
(i) Name of the area
(ii) Na
ture of operations
(iii) Water withdrawal, consumption and discharge in areas of water stress (in kilolitres) for the current year:
 Water withdrawal, and discharge in the following format: 
Parameter FY 2025-26 FY 2024-25
W
ater withdrawal by source (in kilolitres)
(i) Surface water - -
(ii) Groundwater - -
(iii) Third party water - -
(iv) Seawater / desalinated water - -
(v) Others - -
Total volume of water withdrawal (in kilolitres) - -
Total volume of water consumption (in kilolitres) - -
Water intensity per rupee of turnover (Water consumed / turnover) - -
Water intensity (optional) – the relevant metric may be selected by the entity.
KL/of - -
Water discharge by destination and level of treatment (in kilolitres)
(i)  Into Surface water - -
 - No treatment - -
 - With treatment – please specify level of treatment - -
(ii)  Into Groundwater - -
 - No treatment - -
 - With treatment – please specify level of treatment - -
(iii)  Into Seawater - -
 - No treatment - -
  With treatment – please specify level of treatment - -
Business Responsibility & Sustainability Report (Contd.)

--- page 106 ---
178
Statutory Reports
MCX Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
Parameter FY 2025-26 FY 2024-25
(iv) 
Sent to third-parties - -
 -  No treatment - -
  With treatment – please specify level of treatment - -
(v) Others - -
 -  No treatment - -
 - With treatment – please specify level of treatment - -
Total water discharged (in kilolitres) - -
LI-1. Indicate if any independent assessment/ evaluation/assurance has been carried out by an external agency? (Y/N) If yes, 
name of the ext
ernal agency.
No, such independent assessment/evaluation/assurance has been conducted by an external agency.
LI-2. Please pro
vide details of total Scope 3 emissions (MTCO2E) & its intensit y, in the following format: 
Parameter FY 2025-26 FY 2024-25
T
otal Scope 3 emissions (Break-up of the GHG into CO 2, CH4, N2O, HFCs, PFCs, SF6, NF3, 
if available)
* *
Total Scope 3 emissions per rupee of turnover - -
Total Scope 3 emission intensity (optional) – the relevant metric may be selected by 
the entity
- -
*Remark: MCX has not undertaken the Scope 3, eﬀorts will be made to furnish the data in forthcoming years.
LI-2. Indicate if any independent assessment/ evaluation/assurance has been carried out by an external agency? (Y/N) If yes, 
name of the ext
ernal agency. –
Not Applicable
LI-3. W
ith respect to the ecologically sensitive areas reported at EI-11 above, provide details of the signi/f_icant direct & indirect 
impact of the entit
y on biodiversity in such areas along with prevention and remediation activities.
Not Applicable
LI-4. I f 
the entity has undertaken any speci/f_ic initiatives or used innovative technology or solutions to improve resource 
eﬃciency, or r
educe impact due to emissions / eﬄuent discharge / waste generated, please provide details of the same as 
well as outcome of such initiatives, as per the following format:
Sr. 
No.
I nitiative undertaken Details of the initiative 
(Web-link, if any, may be provided along-with summary)
Outcome of the initiative
1 VRV system installation VRV system has been installed for air conditioning system Reduction in scope 2 emission
LI-5. Does the entity have a business continuity and disaster management plan? If yes, please give details in 100 words or 
input web link
. –
Yes, MCX does have a business continuity and disaster management plan in place.
The Or
ganization has in place Business Continuity Plan and Disaster Recovery (BCP-DR) Policy and Business Continuity Plan to 
minimize the impact of any unexpected occurrence or disaster; not only to business, but also to the entire organization and its people 
and to restore services to the widest extent possible in minimum period.
The Business Continuity and Disaster Management plan addresses various types of contingencies. This plan identi/f_ies the action plan 
and responsibilities of various teams within the organization to restore operations in the event of a disaster.
LI-6. Disclose any signi/f_icant adverse impact to the environment, arising from the value chain of the entity. What mitigation 
or adaptation measures ha
ve been taken by the entity in this regard. –
There has been no signi/f_icant adverse impact to the environment, arising from the value chain of the entity.
LI-7. Per
centage of value chain partners (by value of business done with such partners) that were assessed for environmental 
impacts.
Nil
Business Responsibilit
y & Sustainability Report (Contd.)
179
LI-8. How many Green Credits have been generated or procured?
a. G
enerated by the listed entity
 Nil
b  P
rocured by the top ten (in terms of value of purchases and sales, respectively) value chain partners
 Nil
PRINCIPLE 7: Businesses, when engaging in in/f_luencing public and regulatory policy, should do so in a manner that is 
responsible and tr
ansparent
ESSENTIAL INDICATORS
EI-1. a. Number of aﬃliations with trade and industry chambers/ associations:
 10
EI-1. b. List the top 10 trade and industry chambers/ associations (determined based on the total members of such body) the 
entit
y is a member of/ aﬃliated to.
S. 
No.
Name of the tr ade and industry chambers/associations Reach of trade and industry 
chambers/associations 
(State/National/International)
1 International Organization of Securities Commissions (IOSCO) International
2 Gartner International
3 Information Security Forum (ISF) International
4 Bharat Metal Exchange (BME) National
5 Material Recycling Association of India (MRAI) National
6 India Bullion and Jewellers Association (IBJA) National
7 All India Gem and Jewellery Domestic Council (GJC) National
8 Internet and Mobile association of India (IAMAI) National
9 Data Security Council of India (DSCI) National
10 Institute for Development & Research in Banking Technology National
EI-2. Provide details of corrective action taken or underway on any issues related to anti-competitive conduct by the entity, 
based on adverse or
ders from regulatory authorities.
S. No. Name of authority Brief of the case Corrective action taken
1 Not Applicable - -
LEADERSHIP INDICATORS
LI-1. Details of public policy positions advocated by the entity:
S. 
No.
P ublic policy advocated Method resorted for such 
advocacy
Whether information 
available in public 
domain? (Y es/No)
Frequency of 
Review by Board
Web Link, if 
available
1 Regulatory, economic 
and tax reforms 
aimed at expanding 
and deepening the 
commodity derivatives 
market. (Ref.: policy for 
responsible advocacy)
Policy advocacy is carried out 
through industry associations, 
representations to concerned 
public oﬃces/ regulatory 
bodies, and by sharing research 
/f_indings with regulators and 
policymakers, etc.
Findings of evidence-
based research 
available on the 
company’s website.
As Required https://www.
mcxindia.com/
investor-relations/
corporate-
governance
Business Responsibility & Sustainability Report (Contd.)

--- page 107 ---
180
Statutory Reports
MCX Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
PRINCIPLE 8: Businesses should promote inclusive growth and equitable development
ESSENTIAL INDICATORS
EI-1. Details of Social Impact Assessments (SIA) of projects undertaken by the entity based on applicable laws, in the current 
/f_inancial year.
S. 
No.
Name and brief 
details of pr
oject
SIA Noti/f_ication 
No.
Date of 
noti/f_ication
Whether conducted by 
independent external 
agency (Y es / No)
Results communicated in 
public domain (Y es / No)
Relevant 
Web link
- - - - - - -
Not applicable
EI-2. Provide information on project(s) for which ongoing Rehabilitation and Resettlement (R&R) is being undertaken by your 
entit
y, in the following format:
S. 
No.
Name of P roject for 
which R&R is ongoing
State District No. of Project Aﬀected 
Families (PAFs)
% of PAFs 
covered by R&R
Amounts paid to PAFs in 
the Financial Y ear (In `)
- - - - - - -
Not applicable
EI-3. Describe the mechanisms to receive and redress grievances of the community.
The C
ompany has mechanism to receive and address grievances of various stakeholders. General Grievance Redressal Policy is 
available on the C
ompany’s website under Corporate Governance section of the Investors Relations (https://www.mcxindia.com/
investor-relations/corporate-governance ).
EI-4. Percentage of input material (inputs to total inputs by value) sourced from suppliers:
Category Curr ent Financial Y ear Previous Financial Y ear
Directly sourced from MSMEs/ small producers 28.60 27.05
Sourced directly from within India 99.99 99.99
EI-5. Job creation in smaller towns- Disclose wages paid to persons employed (including employees or workers employed on 
a permanent or non-p
ermanent/on contract basis) in the following locations, as % of total wage cost. (Place to be categorized 
as per RBI Classi/f_ication System - rural / semi-urban / urban / metropolitan)
Location Curr ent Financial Y ear Previous Financial Y ear
Rural 0 0
Semi-urban 0 0
Urban 7.25 7.80
Metropolitan 92.75 92.20
LEADERSHIP INDICATORS
LI-1. If any Social Impact Assessments have been reported in EI-1, please provide details of actions taken to mitigate any 
negative so
cial impacts identi/f_ied:
S. 
No.
Details of nega tive social impact identi/f_ied Corrective action taken
-
Not Applicable
LI-2. Provide the following information on CSR projects undertaken by your entity in designated aspirational districts as 
identi/f_ied b
y government bodies:
S. 
No.
St ate Aspirational 
District
Amount spent (In `)
1 Jharkhand Hazaribagh `86,51,000
Business Responsibility & Sustainability Report (Contd.)
181
LI-3.a. Do you have a preferential procurement policy where you give preference to purchase from suppliers comprising 
marginaliz
ed /vulnerable groups? (Y es/No) –
No
LI-3.b. F
rom which marginalized /vulnerable groups do you procure? –
Not Applicable
LI-3.c. What percentage of total procurement (by value) does it constitute? -
Not Applicable
LI-4. Details of the bene/f_its derived and shared from the intellectual properties owned or acquired by your entity (in the 
current /f_inancial y
ear), based on traditional knowledge:
S. 
No.
I ntellectual Property based on traditional knowledge Owned/ 
Acquired 
(Y es/No)
Bene/f_it 
shared 
(Y es / No)
Basis of 
calculating 
bene/f_it share
1 A trade mark registration in India oﬀers numerous bene/f_its, including exclusive 
rights to use the trade mark, legal protection against infringement, enhanced 
brand identity and value, and the ability to attract new customers.
Yes No NA
LI-5. Details of corrective actions taken or underway, based on any adverse order in intellectual property-related disputes 
wherein usage of tr
aditional knowledge is involved.
S. 
No.
Name of authorit y Brief of the Case Corrective action taken
- - - -
Remark: Not Applicable
LI-6. Details of bene/f_iciaries of CSR Projects:
S. 
No.
CSR P roject No. of persons 
bene/f_itted from CSR 
Projects
% of bene/f_iciaries 
from vulnerable and 
marginalized groups
1 Integrated Village Development Project 1800  83%
2 Solar Lights for street lighting, 15 Anganwadi and 10 schools in Nashik, 
Igatpuri and Trimbakeshwar of Nashik district.
319 100%
Remark: Details of all the CSR projects are available on: https://www.mcxindia.com/about-us#csr-overview (CSR Annual Action Plan 
FY 2025-26)
PRINCIPLE 9: Businesses should engage with and provide value to their consumers in a responsible manner
ESSENTIAL  INDIC
ATORS
EI-1. Describe the mechanisms in place to receive and respond to consumer complaints and feedback.
MCX has a mechanism in place to handle grievances/ complaints/ queries raised by any of the customers (members) through its 
Cust
omer Service and Quality (CSQ) desk. CSQ department plays an important role in providing voice support on dedicated landlines 
and giving email support to members and market participants.
Additionally, the CSQ department provides support to all the members and market participants through Online Chat. Under CSQ 
desk, the Company sorts queries/ complaints/ suggestions under following categories:
i. Queries: Calls/Emails, which do not hamper trading activities of the Member.
ii. Complaints: Calls/Emails pertaining to issues which hamper trading activities of the Member.
iii. Suggestions: Calls/Emails pertaining to suggestion or improvement required in the Company’s Operations.
Business Responsibility & Sustainability Report (Contd.)

--- page 108 ---
182
Statutory Reports
MCX Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
Investors (Client),
Investors/Clients can approach the Investor Services Department of the Company for redressal of their grievance against the registered 
Members of the Company. Investors/ Clients may lodge complaints in the format prescribed along with supporting documents/ by 
sending an email to grievance@mcxindia.com / submitting their complaint to the nearest Investor Service Centre. Investor can /f_ile 
complaint through SCORES Portal (https://scores.sebi.gov.in/).
After exhausting all above options for resolution of the grievance, if the investor/client is still not satis/f_ied with the outcome, he/she 
may initiate dispute through the SMARTODR Portal - by clicking on https://smartodr.in/. Generally, the complaints which falls within 
the purview of the Company are taken up for resolution by the Company.
Details of the same are also provided on the Company’s website.
Arbitration:
Arbitration is a quasi-judicial process of settlement of disputes between Members and their clients/investors. Arbitration aims at 
quicker resolution of the disputes. When either of the party is not satis/f_ied with the complaint resolution process or the complaint is 
not resolved amicably between parties, the parties may choose the route of Arbitration as per Rules, Byelaws and Business Rules of 
the Company.
Appellate Arbitration:
A party aggrieved by an Arbitral Award may appeal* to the Appellate panel of Arbitrators of the Company against such Award.
* Applicable only for matters or references under consideration of the IGRC or in arbitration (sole, panel or arbitration) up to August 15, 2023.
The investor (client) grievance redressal mechanism is in accordance with the SEBI guidelines and details are made available on 
Company’s website. Grievance Redressal Policy for Customers (Members and Clients) is available on Company’s website under 
Corporate Governance section of Investor Relations (https://www.mcxindia.com/investor-relations/corporate-governance).
Member’s feedback
The Company rolls out an online annual feedback survey through its CSQ department to all its members, encompassing service 
standards of various departments of the Company. The feedback mechanism is used to derive a Customer Satisfaction Index both 
at an overall Company level as well as at individual department level. The CSQ department monitors trends and seeks an Action 
Taken Report from all the department heads based on the feedback, concerns and suggestions shared by members. On the basis of 
the feedback, corrective actions are taken to better serve the members and information is shared with the senior management and 
incorporated in the FAQs that are updated on the Company’s website, as and when required.
The Company constituted a Member Advisory Committee chaired by the Chairman of the Board. The Committee meetings are 
conducted to interact with and gather feedback from members on various issues related to non-regulatory, as well as, operational 
matters including product design, technology, charges, and levies, etc.
Physical market participant’s feedback:
The Company also constituted commodity speci/f_ic Product Advisory Committee (PAC) comprising of members from the physical 
value chain of the commodity and other stakeholders. The Committee gives its feedback on various aspects pertaining to the product 
including design, contract speci/f_ications, delivery, etc.
EI-2. Turnover of products and/ services as a percentage of turnover from all products/service that carry information about: 
Category As a p ercentage to total turnover
Environmental and social parameters relevant to the product -
Safe and responsible usage -
Recycling and/or safe disposal -
Remark: MCX provides all the necessary information to their users regarding the details of the services provided hence ensuring 
transparency of information. Further, MCX ensures that all the information it stores is done in the most safe and responsible manner 
along with ensuring that the relevant ISO’s and certi/f_ications are in place.
Business Responsibility & Sustainability Report (Contd.)
183
EI-3. Number of consumer complaints in respect of the following:
FY 2025-26 FY 2024-25
Receiv
ed 
during the 
year
Pending 
resolution 
at the end of 
the year
Remark Received 
during the 
year
Pending 
resolution 
at the end of 
the year
Remark
Data Privacy 0 0 - 0 0 -
Advertising 0 0 - 0 0 -
Cyber Security 0 0 - 0 0 -
Delivery of essential services 0 0 - 0 0 -
Restrictive Trade Practices 0 0 - 0 0 -
Unfair Trade Practices 0 0 - 0 0 -
Others
EI-4. Details of instances of product recalls on account of safety issues:
Category Number Reasons for recall
Voluntary recalls - -
Forced recalls - -
Not Applicable to MCX owing to the nature of its operations.
EI-5. Does the entity have a framework/ policy on cyber security and risks related to data privacy? (Y es/No) If available, 
provide a w
eb-link of the policy. –
Yes. The same is internal.
EI-6. Pr
ovide details of any corrective actions taken or underway on issues relating to any of the following:
i. Advertising: Nil, as no such instances were reported in the /f_inancial Year.
ii. Deliv
ery of essential services: Nil, as no such instances were reported in the /f_inancial Year.
iii. Cyber security and data privacy of customers – No issues were faced by the Company in this area.
iv. Re-occurrence of instances of product recalls- Not applicable.
v. Penalty / action taken by regulatory authorities on safety of products / services: Nil
EI-7. Provide the following information relating to data breaches:
a. Number of instances of data breaches: 0
b. P
ercentage of data breaches involving personally identi/f_iable information of customers: 0%
c. Impact, if any, of the data breaches: Not Applicable
Remark: MCX has not experience any cyber - attacks or threats on its Trading System, Network and Databases
LEADERSHIP INDICATORS
LI-1. Channels/platforms where information on products and services of the entity can be accessed (provide web link, if 
available).
Information on products and services of MCX can be found on https://www.mcxindia.com/
Business Responsibilit
y & Sustainability Report (Contd.)

--- page 109 ---
184
Statutory Reports
MCX Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
LI-2. Steps taken to inform and educate consumers about safe and responsible usage of products and/or services.
The following steps are undertaken by MCX to inform and educate consumers about safe and responsible usage of products and/or 
services
.
•  The Product Management team conducts awareness programs for the market participants, in which awareness is spread on safe 
and responsible usage of services including information on Do’s and Don’ts.
•  The Company has also set up Multi Commodity Exchange Investor Protection Fund (IPF), to protect and safeguard the interest of 
investors/ clients, in respect of eligible/legitimate claims arising out of the default of a member on the Company.
•  The interest income on investment of surplus funds of IPF is used for imparting investor/ client education, awareness, undertaking 
research activities or such other programs as may be speci/f_ied by SEBI.
For more details refer the Annual Report FY 2025-26
LI-3. Mechanisms in place to inform consumers of any risk of disruption/discontinuation of essential services
The C
ompany has a comprehensive Business Continuity Plan (BCP) with capabilities to restore seamlessly the trading operations from 
the Disaster Rec
overy Site and has Real time data replication to Near Online Site facility to achieve near zero data loss. Besides, the 
Company has also implemented 24/7 Cyber Security Operation Centre (C-SOC) for security monitoring and incident management. The 
Company keeps the market participants informed about disruption/ discontinuation, if any, of its services through various channels 
such as circulars, emails
LI-4. Does the entity display product information on the product over and above what is mandated as per local laws? (Y es/
No/Not A
pplicable) If yes, provide details in brief. Did your entity carry out any survey with regard to consumer satisfaction 
relating to the major products / services of the entity, signi/f_icant locations of operation of the entity or the entity as a whole? 
(Y es/No) –
Yes, apart from the contract speci/f_ications, which is mandatory as per regulatory norms, product information is also displayed in 
marketing mat
erials on the website such as product lea/f_let, hedging brochure etc. Further, every year Customer Service & Quality (CSQ) 
department does the online annual member feedback survey. The feedback mechanism is used to derive a Customer Satisfaction 
Index both at Company level and at individual department level.
Business Responsibility & Sustainability Report (Contd.)
185
To,
The B
oard of Directors,
Multi Commodity Exchange of India Ltd. (MCX).
Mumbai – Maharashtra, India
We (“Kirtane &Pandit LLP” or “the /f_irm”) have undertaken 
to perform a reasonable assurance engagement, for Multi 
Commodity Exchange of India Ltd. (MCX) in respect of the 
agreed Sustainability Information, listed below (the “Identi/f_ied 
Sustainability Information”) pertaining to Business Responsibility 
and Sustainability Report Core (“BRSR Core”), as noti/f_ied by SEBI 
vide Circular dated July 12, 2023. This Sustainability Information 
is as included in the Business Responsibility and Sustainability 
Report (“BRSR” or “the report”) of the Company for the year 
ended March 31, 2026. This engagement was conducted by 
a multidisciplinary team including assurance practitioners, 
environmental engineers and specialists.
IDENTIFIED SUSTAINABILITY INFORMATION
Our scope of reasonable assurance consists of the BRSR Core 
indicat
ors listed in the Annexure I to our report. The reporting 
boundary of the Report is as disclosed in Question 13 of Section 
A: General Disclosure of the BRSR with exceptions disclosed 
by way of note under respective questions of the BRSR, where 
applicable
REPORTING CRITERIA
•	 	 The criteria used by the Company to prepare the Identi/f_ied 
Sustainabilit
y Information is BRSR Core –
•	 	 Regulation 34(2)(f ) of the Securities and Exchange Board 
of India (the “SEBI”) (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements), Regulations, 2015 as amended;
•	 	 Framework issued by SEBI Circular dated July 12, 2023.
•	 	 Business Responsibility and Sustainability Reporting 
Requirements for listed entities per Master Circular No. 
SEBI/HO/ CFD/PoD2/CIR/P/0155 dated November 11, 
2024 (the “SEBI Master Circular”);
•	 	 SEBI Press Release PR No.36/2024 dated December 18, 
2024; Industry Standards on Reporting of BRSR Core as per 
SEBI Circular SEBI/HO/CFD/CFD-PoD- 1/P/CIR/2024/177 
dated December 20, 2024
•	 	 SEBI Circular SEBI/HO/CFD/CFD - PoD-1/P/CIR/2025/42 
dated March 28, 2025; and
•	 	 Standard on Sustainability Assurance Engagements 
(SSAE) 3000 and SSAE 3410 issued by the Sustainability 
Reporting Standards Board (SRSB) of the Institute of 
Chartered Accountants of India (ICAI), eﬀective March 31, 
2024
Our reasonable assurance engagement was with respect to the 
year ended March 31, 2026 only unless otherwise stated and 
INDEPENDENT PRACTITIONER’S REASONABLE ASSURANCE REPORT ON IDENTIFIED SUSTAINABILITY 
INFORM ATION
 ON BRSR CORE IN MUL TI COMMODITY EXCHANGE OF INDIA L TD. /parenleft.capMCX/parenright.cap
we have not performed any procedures with respect to earlier 
periods or an
y other elements included in the report and, 
therefore, do not express any opinion thereon.
MANAGEMENT’S RESPONSIBILITY
The Company’s Management is responsible for selecting or 
establishing suitable cr it
eria for preparing the Sustainability 
Information on BRSR Core, taking into account applicable laws 
and regulations, if any, related to reporting on the Sustainability 
Information, Identi/f_ication of key aspects, engagement with 
stakeholders, content, preparation and presentation of the 
Identi/f_ied Sustainability Information in accordance with the 
Criteria. This responsibility includes design, implementation 
and maintenance of internal control relevant to the preparation 
of the BRSR (including BRSR Core) and the measurement of 
Identi/f_ied Sustainability Information, which is free from material 
misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.
INHERENT LIMITATIONS
The absence of a signi/f_icant body of established practice 
on which t o dr
aw to evaluate and measure non-/f_inancial 
information allows for diﬀerent, but acceptable, measures 
and measurement techniques and can aﬀect comparability 
between entities.
Measurement of certain amounts and BRSR Core metrics, some 
of which are estimates, is subject to inherent measurement 
uncertainty, for example, GHG emissions, water footprint, energy 
footprint, waste. Obtaining suﬃcient appropriate evidence to 
support our opinion does not reduce the uncertainty in the 
amounts and metrics.
OUR INDEPENDENCE AND QUALITY CONTROL
We have maintained our independence and con/f_irm that 
we ha
ve met the requirements of the Code of Ethics issued 
by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India and have 
the required competencies and experience to conduct this 
assurance engagement.
The /f_irm applies Standard on Quality Control (SQC) 1, “Quality 
Control for Firms that Perform Audits and Reviews of Historical 
Financial Information, and Other Assurance and Related Services 
Engagements” , and accordingly maintains a comprehensive 
system of quality control including documented policies and 
procedures regarding compliance with ethical requirements, 
professional standards, and applicable legal and regulatory 
requirements.
OUR RESPONSIBILITY
Our responsibility is to express a reasonable assurance 
conclusion on the Iden
ti/f_ied Sustainability Information limited 
to BRSR Core listed in Annexure I, based on the procedures we 
have performed and evidence we have obtained.

--- page 110 ---
186
Statutory Reports
MCX Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
We conducted our engagement in accordance with the 
Standard on Sustainability Assurance Engagements (SSAE) 
3000, “Assurance Engagements on Sustainability Information” , 
issued by the Sustainability Reporting Standards Board of the 
Institute of Chartered Accountants of India. These standards are 
consistent with the assurance framework mandated by SEBI vide 
its Master Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/PoD2/CIR/P/0155 dated 
November 11, 2024 and the Industry Standards on Reporting 
of BRSR Core (SEBI/HO/CFD/CFD-PoD-1/P/CIR/2024/177 dated 
December 20, 2024). This standard requires that we plan and 
perform our engagement to obtain reasonable assurance about 
whether the Identi/f_ied Sustainability Information are prepared, 
in all material respects, in accordance with the Reporting Criteria. 
A reasonable assurance engagement involves assessing the 
risks of material misstatement of the Identi/f_ied Sustainability 
Information whether due to fraud or error, responding to the 
assessed risks as necessary in the circumstances.
The procedures we performed were based on our professional 
judgment and included inquiries, observation of processes 
performed, inspection of documents, evaluating the 
appropriateness of quanti/f_ication methods and reporting 
policies, analytical procedures and agreeing or reconciling 
with underlying records. Given the circumstances of the 
engagement, in performing the procedures listed above, we:
•	 	 Obtained an understanding of the Identi/f_ied Sustainability 
Information and related disclosures
•	 	 Obtained an understanding of the assessment criteria and 
their suitability for the evaluation and measurement of 
the Identi/f_ied Sustainability Information.
•	 	 Made inquiries of Company’s Management, including 
those responsible for preparing the BRSR report, /f_inance 
team, human resource team amongst others and those 
with the responsibility for managing the Company’s BRSR.
•	 	 Obtained an understanding and performed an evaluation 
of the design of the key systems, processes and controls 
for managing, recording and reporting on the Identi/f_ied 
Sustainability Information.
•	 	 Based on above understanding and the risk that the 
Identi/f_ied Sustainability Information may be materially 
misstated, determined the nature, timing and extent of 
the further procedures.
•	 	 Performed the substantive testing on a sample basis of 
the Identi/f_ied Sustainability Information.
•	 	 Performed the analytical procedures to support the 
reasonableness of the data
•	 	 Assessed the records and performed the testing including 
re-calculations.
•	 	 Where applicable, for the Identi/f_ied Sustainability 
Information in the BRSR, we have relied on the information 
in the audited standalone /f_inancial statements of the 
Company for the year ended March 31, 2026 and the 
underlying trial balance.
•	 Obtained the representations from the Management.
We have also performed such other procedures as we consider 
necessary in the circumstances.
EXCLUSIONS:
Our assurance scope excludes the following and therefore we 
do not expr
ess a conclusion on the same:
•	 	 Operations of the Company other than the Identi/f_ied 
Sustainability Information in Annexure-I
•	 	 Aspects of the BRSR and the data/information (qualitative 
or quantitative) other than the Identi/f_ied Sustainability 
Information.
•	 	 Data and information outside the de/f_ined reporting 
period i.e. 1 April 2025 to 31 March 2026.
•	 	 The statements that describe expression of opinion, belief, 
aspiration, expectation, aim, or future intentions provided 
by the Company.
•	 Testing of any /f_inancial numbers
•	 	 Data, statements, and claims already available in the 
public domain through Annual Report, Sustainability 
Report, or other sources available in the public domain.
•	  The Company’s compliance with regulations, acts, and 
guidelines with respect to various regulatory agencies 
and other legal matters, including Companies Act, 2013, 
and SEBI LODR Regulations, beyond the scope of BRSR 
Core.
OTHER MATTER
The BRSR includes information other than the Identi/f_ied 
Sustainability I
nformation and our independent assurance 
report. Our reasonable assurance engagement was with 
respect to the /f_inancial year ended 31 March 2026 information 
only, unless otherwise stated. We have not performed any 
procedures with respect to information pertaining to earlier 
periods (including previous year’s comparative information, 
FY 2024-25) or any other disclosures included in the BRSR, and 
accordingly, we do not express any conclusion thereon.
187
OPINION
Based on the reasonable assurance procedures we have 
perf
ormed in accordance with SSAE 3000 (and SSAE 3410 for 
GHG disclosures) and the evidence we have obtained, in our 
opinion, the Identi/f_ied Sustainability Information of Multi 
Commodity Exchange of India Ltd. (MCX) for the year ended 
March 31, 2026, as listed in Annexure I to this report, is prepared, 
in all material respects, in accordance with the Reporting 
Criteria as stated above. This constitutes a reasonable assurance 
conclusion as de/f_ined under SSAE 3000 issued by the ICAI.
RESTRICTION ON USE
Our reasonable assurance report has been prepared and 
addressed t
o the Board of Directors of Multi Commodity 
Exchange of India Ltd. (MCX) at the request of the Company 
solely, to assist Company in reporting on Company’s 
sustainability performance and activities in relation to 
attributes of BRSR Core (included in BRSR). Accordingly, we 
accept no liability to anyone, other than the Company. Our 
deliverables should not be used for any other purpose or by any 
person other than the addressees of our deliverables. The /f_irm 
neither accepts nor assumes any duty of care or liability for any 
other purpose or to any other party to whom our deliverables 
are shown or into whose hands it may come without our prior 
consent in writing.
For, Kirtane & Pandit LLP
Chartered Accountants
Firm Registration Number: 105215W/W100057
Akshay B. Purandare
Partner
Membership No: 141984
Place: Mumbai
Date: August 04, 2026
UDIN: 26141984UJSPIB8814
BRSR Core Attributes – Reasonable Assurance Financial Y ear 2025-26
Sustainability Information where reasonable assurance is carried out Cross Reference to BRSR 2025-26
Number of day
s of accounts payable Under Principle 1 Question 8 of Essential Indicators
Open-ness of business Under Principle 1 Question 9 of Essential Indicators
Spending on measures towards well-being of employees Under Principle 3 Question 1(c) of Essential Indicators
Details of safety related incidents for employees Under Principle 3 Question 11 of Essential Indicators
Gross wages paid to female as % of wages paid Under Principle 5 Question 3(b) of Essential Indicators
Complaints on POSH Under Principle 5 Question 7 of Essential Indicators
Energy footprint Under Principle 6 Question 1 of Essential Indicators
Water footprint Under Principle 6 Question 3 of Essential Indicators
Water Discharge by destination and levels of Treatment Under Principle 6 Question 4 of Essential Indicators
Green-house gas (GHG) footprint Under Principle 6 Question 7 of Essential Indicators
Waste Management Under Principle 6 Question 9 of Essential Indicators
Input Material sourced Under Principle 8 Question 4 of Essential Indicators
Job Creation in smaller towns Under Principle 8 Question 5 of Essential Indicators
Instances involving loss/breach of data of customers Under Principle 9 Question 7 of Essential Indicators
ANNEXURE/hyphen.cap I

--- page 111 ---
188
Financial S
tatements
MCX Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
Financial 
Sta
tements
Standalone -189-255
Consolidated - 256-325
189
To,
The M
embers of MUL TI COMMODITY EXCHANGE OF INDIA 
LIMITED
Report on the Standalone Ind AS Financial Statements
OPINION
We ha
ve audited the accompanying standalone Ind AS /f_inancial 
statemen
ts of MUL TI COMMODITY EXCHANGE OF INDIA 
LIMITED (“the Company”), which comprise the balance sheet 
as at March 31, 2026, the statement of pro/f_it and loss (including 
other comprehensive income), the statement of changes in 
equity and the statement of cash /f_lows for the year then ended, 
and notes to the standalone /f_inancial statements, including 
a summary of the material accounting policies and other 
explanatory information (hereinafter referred to as “standalone 
/f_inancial statements”).
In our opinion and to the best of our information and according 
to the explanations given to us, the aforesaid standalone 
/f_inancial statements give the information required by the 
Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”) in the manner so required 
and give a true and fair view in conformity with the Indian 
Accounting Standards prescribed under section 133 of the Act 
read with the Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules, 
2015, as amended, (“Ind AS”) and other accounting principles 
generally accepted in India, of the state of aﬀairs of the Company 
as at March 31, 2026, its pro/f_it and total comprehensive income, 
changes in equity and its cash /f_lows for the year ended on that 
date.
BASIS FOR OPINION
We c
onducted our audit in accordance with the Standards on 
Auditing, as speci/f_ied under sec
tion 143(10) of the Companies 
Act, 2013. Our responsibilities under those Standards are 
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT
further descr
ibed in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the audit 
of the standalone /f_inancial statemen
ts section of our report. 
We are independent of the Company in accordance with the 
Code of Ethics issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants 
of India (ICAI) together with the ethical requirements that are 
relevant to our audit of the standalone /f_inancial statements 
under the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 and the 
Rules thereunder, and we have ful/f_illed our other ethical 
responsibilities in accordance with these requirements and the 
ICAI’s Code of Ethics. We believe that the audit evidence we 
have obtained is suﬃcient and appropriate to provide a basis 
for our audit opinion on the standalone /f_inancial statements.
KEY AUDIT MATTERS
Key audit ma tt
ers are those matters that, in our professional 
judgment
, were of most signi/f_icance in our audit of the 
standalone /f_inancial statements of the current period. These 
matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the 
standalone /f_inancial statements as a whole, and in forming our 
opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on 
these matters. For each matter below, our description of how 
our audit addressed the matter is provided in that context.
We have determined the matters described below to be the key 
audit matters to be communicated in our report. We have ful/f_illed 
the responsibilities described in the Auditor’s responsibilities 
for the audit of the standalone /f_inancial statements section of 
our report, including in relation to these matters. Accordingly, 
our audit included the performance of procedures designed to 
respond to our assessment of the risks of material misstatement 
of the standalone /f_inancial statements. The results of our audit 
procedures, including the procedures performed to address the 
matters below, provide the basis for our audit opinion on the 
accompanying standalone /f_inancial statements.
Sr. 
No.
K ey Audit Matter Auditor’s Response
1.  Contingent Liabilities:
Refer Note 31 of standalone /f_inancial statements.
There are legal and tax cases against the Company and 
demand is raised against the Company and the same has been 
disputed by the company at various statutory forums. There 
are also matters pending before regulatory authorities
Principal Audit Procedures:
For legal, tax and other regulatory matters our procedures 
included the following:
•	 	 Obtaining list of legal and tax cases and other matters 
against the Company and gained understanding thereof.
•	 	 Assessment of assumptions used in the evaluation 
of potential legal risks performed by the legal of the 
Company considering the legal precedence and other 
rulings in similar cases.
•	 	 Inquiry with the legal department personnel regarding 
the status of the most signi/f_icant disputes and perusal of 
the key relevant documentation.
•	 	 Considering external legal experts /tax consultants 
opinions obtained by the management on possible 
outcome of litigation;

--- page 112 ---
190
Financial S
tatements
MCX Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
Sr. 
No.
K ey Audit Matter Auditor’s Response
For pending litigations against the Company, high level of 
management judgement is required to determine whether an 
obligation exists and a provision is required or disclosures, if 
any.
The measurement of the provision is based on the best 
estimate of the expenditure required to settle the present 
obligation.
Considering the judgement and estimate involved, matter is 
considered as a key audit matter.
•	 	 Meeting with the management and reading subsequent 
Companies correspondence;
•	 	 Discussing open matters with the Companies legal 
litigation and tax teams;
•	 	 Assessing the Management’s conclusions through 
understanding precedents set in similar cases; and
•	 	 For the signi/f_icant provisions made, understood 
and assessed the provisioning methodology. Tested 
the underlying data and assumptions used in the 
determination of the provisions recorded.
•	 	 For cases where a provision was not recognized, evaluated 
the adequacy of disclosure made in the Ind AS /f_inancial 
statements.
2. Valuation of Investments and its impairment:
Quoted investments and unquoted investments represent 
the most signi/f_icant amount on the balance sheet. The 
total of these investments aggregating to `2,985.49 crores 
represented 80.04 % of total assets of the Company as at 
March 31, 2026.
There is inherent uncertainty relating to the assumptions 
supporting such estimates and risk that the fair value of 
investments is not determined appropriately and hence 
valuation of investments and its impairment is considered as 
a key audit matter.
Principal Audit Procedures:
•	 	 We assessed the design and implementation of controls 
over valuation and existence of investments.
•	 	 For the fair valuation models, we understood and 
assessed the methodology used. We tested the underlying 
data and assumptions used in the determination of the 
fair value.
•	 	 We traced the quantity held from the independent 
con/f_irmation provided by the Custodian and Fund houses.
•	 	 We tested the valuation of the quoted and unquoted 
investments to independent pricing sources.
•	 	 Assessed appropriateness and arithmetical accuracy of 
fair value disclosures pertaining to investments.
INFORMATION OTHER THAN THE STANDALONE 
FINANCI
AL STATEMENTS AND AUDITOR’S REPORT 
THEREON
The Company’s Board of Directors are responsible for the 
other infor
mation. The other information comprises the 
information included in the annual report but does not include 
the standalone /f_inancial statements and our auditor’s report 
thereon. The annual report is expected to be made available to 
us after the date of this auditor’s report.
Our opinion on the standalone /f_inancial statements does not 
cover the other information and we do not express any form of 
assurance conclusion thereon.
In connection with our audit of the standalone /f_inancial 
statements, our responsibility is to read the other information 
and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is 
materially inconsistent with the standalone /f_inancial statements 
or our knowledge obtained during the course of our audit or 
otherwise appears to be materially misstated.
If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that 
there is a material misstatement of this other information, we 
are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in 
this regard.
RESPONSIBILITIES OF MANAGEMENT AND 
THOSE CH ARGED WITH 
GOVERNANCE FOR THE 
STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
The Company’s Board of Directors is responsible for the matters 
stated 
in section 134(5) of the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”) 
with respect to the preparation of these standalone /f_inancial 
statements that give a true and fair view of the /f_inancial 
position, /f_inancial performance, statement of changes in 
equity and cash /f_lows of the Company in accordance with the 
accounting principles generally accepted in India, including 
the accounting Standards speci/f_ied under section 133 of the 
Act. This responsibility also includes maintenance of adequate 
accounting records in accordance with the provisions of the Act 
for safeguarding of the assets of the Company and for preventing 
and detecting frauds and other irregularities; selection and 
application of appropriate accounting policies; making 
judgments and estimates that are reasonable and prudent; and 
design, implementation and maintenance of adequate internal 
/f_inancial controls, that were operating eﬀectively for ensuring 
the accuracy and completeness of the accounting records, 
relevant to the preparation and presentation of the standalone 
/f_inancial statements that give a true and fair view and are free 
from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.
191
In preparing the standalone /f_inancial statements, the Board of 
Direc
tors is responsible for assessing the Company’s ability to 
continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters 
related to going concern and using the going concern basis 
of accounting unless the Board of Directors either intends to 
liquidate the Company or to cease operations, or has no realistic 
alternative but to do so.
Those Board of Directors are also responsible for overseeing the 
Company’s /f_inancial reporting process.
AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF 
THE STANDAL
ONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about 
whether the standalone /f_inancial statemen
ts as a whole are free 
from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and 
to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion. Reasonable 
assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that 
an audit conducted in accordance with SAs will always detect a 
material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise 
from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually 
or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to 
in/f_luence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of 
these standalone /f_inancial statements.
As part of an audit in accordance with SAs, we exercise 
professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism 
throughout the audit. We also:
•	 	 Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of 
the standalone /f_inancial statements, whether due to fraud 
or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive 
to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is suﬃcient 
and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk 
of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from 
fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud 
may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, 
misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.
•	 	 Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to 
the audit in order to design audit procedures that are 
appropriate in the circumstances. Under section 143(3)
(i) of the Companies Act, 2013, we are also responsible 
for expressing our opinion on whether the company has 
adequate internal /f_inancial controls system in place and 
the operating eﬀectiveness of such controls.
•	 	 Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used 
and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and 
related disclosures made by management.
•	 	 Conclude on the appropriateness of management’s use of 
the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the 
audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty 
exists related to events or conditions that may cast 
signi/f_icant doubt on the Company’s ability to continue as a 
going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty 
exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s 
report to the related disclosures in the standalone 
/f_inancial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, 
to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the 
audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s 
report. However, future events or conditions may cause 
the Company to cease to continue as a going concern.
•	 	 Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content 
of the standalone /f_inancial statements, including the 
disclosures, and whether the standalone /f_inancial 
statements represent the underlying transactions and 
events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.
Materiality is the magnitude of misstatements in the standalone 
/f_inancial statements that, individually or in aggregate, makes 
it probable that the economic decisions of a reasonably 
knowledgeable user of the standalone /f_inancial statements 
may be in/f_luenced. We consider quantitative materiality and 
qualitative factors in (i) planning the scope of our audit work 
and in evaluating the results of our work; and (ii) to evaluate 
the eﬀect of any identi/f_ied misstatements in the standalone 
/f_inancial statements.
We communicate with those charged with governance 
regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and 
timing of the audit and signi/f_icant audit /f_indings, including 
any signi/f_icant de/f_iciencies in internal control that we identify 
during our audit.
We also provide those charged with governance with a 
statement that we have complied with relevant ethical 
requirements regarding independence, and to communicate 
with them all relationships and other matters that may 
reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and 
where applicable, related safeguards.
From the matters communicated with those charged with 
governance, we determine those matters that were of most 
signi/f_icance in the audit of the standalone /f_inancial statements 
of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters. 
We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law 
or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter 
or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that 
a matter should not be communicated in our report because 
the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be 
expected to outweigh the public interest bene/f_its of such 
communication.
REPORT ON OTHER LEGAL AND REGULATORY 
REQUIREMENTS
1. 
As required by the Companies (Auditor’s Report) Order, 
2020 (“the Or der
”), issued by the Central Government of 
India in terms of sub-section (11) of section 143 of the Act, 
we give in the ‘ANNEXURE A’ a statement on the matters 
speci/f_ied in paragraphs 3 and 4 of the Order.
2. As required by Section 143 (3) of the Act, we report that:
 (a)  We have sought and obtained all the information and 
explanations which to the best of our knowledge and 
belief were necessary for the purposes of our audit;

--- page 113 ---
192
Financial S
tatements
MCX Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
 (b)  In our opinion, proper books of account as required 
by la
w have been kept by the Company so far as it 
appears from our examination of those books;
 (c)  The balance sheet, statement of pro/f_it and loss 
including other comprehensive income, the 
statement of cash /f_lows and statement of changes 
in equity dealt with by this report are in agreement 
with the books of account;
 (d)  In our opinion, the aforesaid standalone /f_inancial 
statements comply with the Indian Accounting 
Standards speci/f_ied under Section 133 of the Act, 
read with Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) 
Rules, 2015, as amended;
 (e)  On the basis of the written representations received 
from the directors as on March 31, 2026 and taken 
on record by the Board of Directors, none of the 
directors is disquali/f_ied as on March 31, 2026 from 
being appointed as a director in terms of Section 
164(2) of the Act;
 (f )  With respect to the adequacy of the Internal Financial 
Controls over /f_inancial reporting of the Company 
with reference to these standalone /f_inancial 
statements and the operating eﬀectiveness of such 
controls, refer to our separate report in “ANNEXURE 
B”. Our report expresses an unmodi/f_ied opinion 
on adequacy and operative eﬀectiveness of the 
Company’s internal /f_inancial controls over /f_inancial 
reporting;
 (g)  With respect to the other matters to be included in the 
auditor’s report in accordance with the requirements 
of section 197(16) of the Act, as amended:
   In our opinion and to the best of our information 
and according to the explanations given to us, the 
remuneration paid / provided by the Company to its 
directors during the year is in accordance with the 
provisions of section 197 read with Schedule V of the 
Act.
 (h)  With respect to the other matters to be included in 
the Auditor’s Report in accordance with Rule 11 of 
the Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014, in 
our opinion and to the best of our information and 
according to the explanations given to us:
  (i)  The Company has disclosed the impact of 
pending litigations on its /f_inancial position in 
its standalone /f_inancial statements – Refer note 
30 to the standalone /f_inancial statements;
  (ii)  The Company was not required to recognise 
a provision as at March 31, 2026, under the 
applicable law or accounting standards, as it 
does not have any material foreseeable losses 
on long-term contracts. The Company did not 
have any derivative contracts as at March 31, 
2026 – Refer note 51 to the standalone /f_inancial 
statements;
  (iii)  There has been no delay in transferring 
amounts, required to be transferred, to the 
Investor Education and Protection Fund by the 
Company – Refer note 52 to the standalone 
/f_inancial statements;
  (iv) (A)  The management has represented that, 
to the best of its knowledge and belief, 
as disclosed in the note 45.c.v to the 
/f_inancial statements, no funds have been 
advanced or loaned or invested (either 
from borrowed funds or share premium 
or any other sources or kind of funds) by 
the company to or in any other persons 
or entities, including foreign entities 
(“Intermediaries”), with the understanding, 
whether recorded in writing or otherwise, 
that the Intermediaries shall, whether, 
directly or indirectly lend or invest in 
other persons or entities identi/f_ied in any 
manner whatsoever by or on behalf of 
the company(“Ultimate Bene/f_iciaries”) or 
provide any guarantee, security or the like 
on behalf of the Ultimate Bene/f_iciaries;
  (iv) (B)  The management has represented that, 
to the best of its knowledge and belief, 
as disclosed in the note 45.c.v to the 
/f_inancial statements, no funds have 
been received by the company from any 
persons or entities, including foreign 
entities (“Funding Parties”), with the 
understanding, whether recorded in 
writing or otherwise, that the company 
shall, whether, directly or indirectly, lend 
or invest in other persons or entities 
identi/f_ied in any manner whatsoever 
by or on behalf of the Funding Parties 
(“Ultimate Bene/f_iciaries”) or provide any 
guarantee, security or the like on behalf of 
the Ultimate Bene/f_iciaries; and
  (iv) (C)  Based on the audit procedures that 
have been considered reasonable and 
appropriate in the circumstances, nothing 
has come to our notice that has caused 
us to believe that the representation 
under sub-clause (A) and (B) contain any 
material misstatement;
  (v)  The /f_inal dividend paid by the Company during 
the year which w
as declared for the previous 
year is in accordance with section 123 of the Act 
to the extent it applies to payment of dividend. 
193
As stated in Note 44 to the standalone Ind AS 
/f_inancial stat
ements, the Board of Directors 
of the Company has proposed /f_inal dividend 
for the year which is subject to the approval 
of the members at the ensuing Annual 
General Meeting. The dividend declared is in 
accordance with section 123 of the Act to the 
extent it applies to declaration of dividend;
  (vi)  Based on our examination, which included 
test checks, the C
ompany has used accounting 
software for maintaining its books of account for 
the /f_inancial year ended March 31, 2026 which 
has a feature of recording audit trail (edit log) 
facility and the same has operated throughout 
the year for all relevant transactions recorded 
in the software. Further, during the course of 
our audit we did not come across any instance 
of the audit trail feature being tampered with 
and the audit trail has been preserved by the 
Company as per the statutory requirements for 
record retention.
For V. Sankar Aiyar & Co.,
Chartered Accountants
(FRN 109208W)
(S Nagabushanam)
Plac
e: Mumbai (M.No.107022)
Date: M
ay 08,2026 UDIN: 26107022VTBUHY4170

--- page 114 ---
194
Financial S
tatements
MCX Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
The Annexure referred to in paragraph 1 under ‘Report on Other 
Legal and R
egulatory Requirements’ section of our report of 
even date
In terms of the information and explanations sought by us and 
given by the company and the books of account and records 
examined by us in the normal course of audit and to the best of 
our knowledge and belief, we state that:
(i) (a) (A)  The Company has maintained proper records 
showing full particulars, including quantitative 
details and situation of property, plant and 
equipment.
  (B)  According to the information and explanations 
given to us and the records of the Company 
examined by us, the Company has maintained 
proper records showing full particulars of 
intangible assets.
 (b)  The Company has a regular programme of physical 
veri/f_ication of its property, plant and equipment by 
which property, plant and equipment are veri/f_ied 
in a phased manner over a period of three years. In 
our opinion, this periodicity of physical veri/f_ication is 
reasonable having regard to the size of the Company 
and the nature of its assets. In accordance with this 
programme, certain property, plant and equipment 
were veri/f_ied during the year by the Management. 
According to the information and explanations 
given to us, no material discrepancies were noticed 
on such veri/f_ication.
 (c)  According to the information and explanations 
given to us and on the basis of an examination 
of the records of the Company, the title deeds, of 
immovable properties (other than properties where 
the Company is the lessee and the lease agreements 
are duly executed in favour of the lessee) are held in 
the name of the Company as at the balance sheet 
date.
 (d)  According to the information and explanations given 
to us and the records examined by us, the Company 
has not revalued its property, plant and equipment 
(including right of use assets) or intangible assets or 
both during the year.
 (e)  According to the information and explanations given 
to us and on the basis of our examination of the 
records of the Company, there are no proceedings 
initiated or are pending against the Company 
ANNEXURE A TO THE INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT
for holding benami pr
operty under the Benami 
Transac
tions (Prohibition) Act, 1988 and Rules made 
thereunder.
(ii) (a)  The Company’s nature of business does not require 
holding of any inventories. Accordingly, the clause 
3(ii)(a) of the Order is not applicable to the Company.
 (b)  According to the information and explanations given 
to us, at any point of time of the year, the Company 
has not been sanctioned any working capital facility 
from banks or /f_inancial institutions on the basis of 
security of current assets, and hence reporting under 
clause 3(ii)(b) of the Order is not applicable.
(iii) (a)  During the year the Company has not provided 
loans, advances in the nature of loans, provided 
guarantee or provided security to companies, /f_irms, 
Limited Liability Partnerships or any other parties. 
Accordingly, clause 3(iii)(a) of the Order is not 
applicable to the Company.
 (b)  The investments made by the Company, during the 
year, are not prejudicial to its interest. During the 
year the Company has not provided guarantees, 
provided security and granted loans and advances 
in the nature of loans to companies, /f_irms, Limited 
Liability Partnerships or any other parties.
 (c)  The Company has not granted loans and advances 
in the natur e of loans t
o companies, /f_irms, 
Limited Liability Partnerships or any other parties. 
Accordingly, clause 3(iii)(c), 3(iii)(d), 3(iii)(e) and 3(iii)
(f ) of the Order are not applicable to the Company.
(iv)  In our opinion, and according to the information and 
explanations g
iven to us, the Company has complied with 
the provisions of section 186 of the Companies Act, 2013 
in respect of the investments made by it:
  The Company has not granted any loans, provided any 
guarantee or security to the parties covered under section 
185 and has not granted any loans, provided any security or 
guarantee under section 186 of the Companies Act, 2013. 
(v) According to the information and explanations given 
t
o us, the C
ompany has neither accepted any deposit from 
the public nor accepted any amounts which are deemed 
to be deposits within the meaning of sections 73 to 76 
of the Companies Act and rules made thereunder, to the 
extent applicable. Accordingly, clause 3(v) of the Order is 
not applicable to the Company. 
195
(vi)  To the best of our knowledge and as explained, the 
C
entr
al Government has not prescribed maintenance of 
cost records under sub-section (1) of Section 148 of the 
Act, for the services rendered by the Company. 
(vii) (a)  According to the information and explanations given 
to us and on the basis of our examina
tion of the 
records of the Company, the Company has generally 
been regular in depositing undisputed statutory 
dues including provident fund, Income-Tax, Cess, 
Goods and Service Tax and other material statutory 
dues applicable to it to the appropriate authorities.
 (b)  According to the information and explanations 
given t
o us and on the basis of our examination of 
the records of the Company, no amounts deducted 
/ accrued in the books of account in respect of 
undisputed statutory dues including provident fund, 
Income-Tax, Cess, Goods and Service Tax and other 
material statutory dues, in arrears as at March 31, 
2026 for a period of more than six months from the 
date they became payable.
 (c)  According to the information and explanations given to us and on the basis of our examination of the records of the 
Company
, the dues of Income tax which have not been deposited as at March 31, 2026 on account of any disputes, are as 
follows:
Name of the statute Nature of 
Dues
A mount 
(` in Crores)
Period to which the 
amount relates
Forum where dispute is pending
Income Tax Act, 1961 Tax 52.25 A.Y. 2010-2011 ITAT
Income Tax Act, 1961 Tax 0.58 AY. 2011-2012 CIT (Appeals) and High Court
Income Tax Act, 1961 Tax 0.77 AY. 2012-2013 CIT (Appeals) and High Court
Income Tax Act, 1961 Tax 27.04 A.Y. 2013-2014 CIT (Appeals) and High Court
Income Tax Act, 1961 Tax 33.21 A.Y. 2014-2015 CIT (Appeals) and High Court
Income Tax Act, 1961 Tax 7.36 A.Y. 2015-2016 CIT (Appeals)
Income Tax Act, 1961 Tax 1.05 A.Y. 2016-2017 CIT (Appeals)
Income Tax Act, 1961 Tax 10.26 A.Y. 2018-2019 CIT (Appeals)
Income Tax Act, 1961 Tax 1.49 A.Y. 2020-2021 CIT (Appeals)
Income Tax Act, 1961 Tax 9.30 A.Y. 2022-2023 CIT (Appeals) and Assessing Oﬃcer
GST Act, 2017 Tax 10.12 F.Y. 2018-19 to 2021-22 Appeal with GST Department
GST Act, 2017 (Maharashtra) Tax 3.29 FY 2021-22 Appeal with GST Department
(viii)  According to the information and explanations given to us 
and on the basis of our e
xamination of the records of the 
Company, the Company has not surrendered or disclosed 
any transactions, previously unrecorded as income in 
the books of account, in the tax assessments under 
the Income Tax Act, 1961, as income during the year. 
Accordingly, clause 3(viii) of the Order is not applicable to 
the Company. 
(ix) (a)  According to the information and explanations 
given t
o us and on the basis of our examination 
of the records of the Company, the Company did 
not have any outstanding loans or borrowings 
or interest thereon due to any lender during the 
year. Accordingly, clause 3(ix)(a) of the Order is not 
applicable to the Company.
 (b)  According to the information and explanations given 
to us and on the basis of our e xamina
tion of the 
records of the Company, the Company has not been 
declared willful defaulter by any bank or /f_inancial 
institution or government or any government 
authority.
 (c)  The Company did not have any term loans 
outstanding during the year
. Accordingly, clause 3(ix)
(c) of the Order is not applicable to the Company.
 (d)  The Company did not raise any funds during the 
year. A
ccordingly, clause 3(ix)(d) of the Order is not 
applicable to the Company.
 (e)  According to the information and explanations 
given t
o us and on an overall examination of the 
standalone /f_inancial statements of the Company, we 
report that the Company has not taken any funds 
from any entity or person on account of or to meet 
the obligations of its subsidiary or associates. The 
Company did not have any joint ventures during the 
year.
 (f )  According to the information and explanations given 
to us and procedures performed by us, we report that 
the Company has not raised loans during the year 
on the pledge of securities held in its subsidiary or 
associate companies. The Company did not have any 
join
t ven
tures during the year. Accordingly, clause 
3(ix)(f ) of the Order is not applicable t
o the Company.

--- page 115 ---
196
Financial S
tatements
MCX Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
(x) (a)  The company has not raised moneys by way of initial 
public oﬀ er or fur
ther public oﬀer including debt 
instruments. Accordingly, clause 3(x)(a) of the Order 
is not applicable to the Company.
 (b)  According to the information and explanations given 
to us and on the basis of our examination of the 
records of the Company, the Company has not made 
any preferential allotment or private placement 
of shares or fully or partly convertible debentures 
during the year. Accordingly, clause 3(x)(b) of the 
Order is not applicable to the Company.
(xi) (a)  During the course of our examination of the 
books and records of the Company, carried out in 
accordance with the generally accepted auditing 
practices in India, and according to the information 
and explanations given to us, we have neither come 
across any instance of material fraud by the Company 
or on the Company, noticed or reported during the 
year, nor have we been informed of any such case by 
the Management.
 (b)  According to the information and explanations given 
to us, no report under sub-section (12) of Section 143 of 
the Act has been /f_iled by the auditors in Form ADT-4 as 
prescribed under Rule 13 of the Companies (Audit and 
Auditors) Rules, 2014 with the Central Government.
 (c)  We have taken into consideration, the whistle blower 
complaints received by the company during the year 
and up to the date of this report and provided to us, 
when performing our audit.
(xii)  According to the information and explanations given to us, 
the Company is not a Nidhi Company. Accordingly, clause 
3(xii) of the Order is not applicable to the Company. 
(xiii)  According to the information and explanations given to 
us and based on our examination of the records of the 
Company, transactions with the related parties are in 
compliance with sections 177 and 188 of the Act where 
applicable and details of such transactions have been 
disclosed in the standalone /f_inancial statements as 
required by the applicable accounting standards. 
(xiv) (a)  Based on the information and explanations provided 
to us and our audit procedures, in our opinion, the 
Company has an internal audit system commensurate 
with the size and nature of its business.
 (b)  We have considered the internal audit reports of the 
Company issued till date for the period under audit.
(xv)  In our opinion and according to the information and 
explanations given to us, the Company has not entered 
into non-cash transactions with its directors or persons 
connected to its directors. Accordingly, clause 3(xv) of the 
Order is not applicable to the Company. 
(xvi) (a)  The Company is not required to be registered under 
Section 45-IA of the Reserve Bank of India Act, 1934. 
Accordingly, clause 3(xvi)(a) of the Order is not 
applicable to the Company.
 (b)  The Company has not conducted non-banking 
/f_inancial/housing /f_inance activities during the year. 
Accordingly, clause 3(xvi)(b) of the Order is not 
applicable to the Company.
 (c)  The Company is not a Core Investment Company 
(CIC) as de/f_ined in the regulations made by the 
Reserve Bank of India. Accordingly, clause 3(xvi)(c) of 
the Order is not applicable to the Company.
 (d)  According to the information and explanations 
provided to us during the course of audit, the Group 
does not have any CICs. Accordingly, clause 3(xvi)(d) 
of the Order is not applicable to the Company.
(xvii)  The Company has not incurred cash losses in the current 
and in the immediately preceding /f_inancial year.
(xviii)  There has been no resignation of the statutory auditors 
during the year. Accordingly, clause 3(xviii) of the Order 
is not applicable to the Company. (xix) According to 
the information and explanations given to us and on the 
basis of the /f_inancial ratios (Also refer note 45.a to the 
standalone /f_inancial statements), ageing and expected 
dates of realisation of /f_inancial assets and payment of 
/f_inancial liabilities, other information accompanying the 
standalone /f_inancial statements, our knowledge of the 
Board of Directors and management plans and based 
on our examination of the evidence supporting the 
assumptions, nothing has come to our attention, which 
causes us to believe that any material uncertainty exists 
as on the date of the audit report that Company is not 
capable of meeting its liabilities existing at the date of 
balance sheet as and when they fall due within a period of 
one year from the balance sheet date. We, however, state 
that this is not an assurance as to the future viability of the 
Company. We further state that our reporting is based on 
the facts up to the date of the audit report and we neither 
give any guarantee nor any assurance that all liabilities 
falling due within a period of one year from the balance 
sheet date will get discharged by the Company as and 
when they fall due. 
197
(xx) (a)  In respect of other than ongoing projects, there are no 
unspent 
amounts in respect of CSR that are required 
to be transferred to a fund speci/f_ied in Schedule VII 
of the Companies Act (the Act), in compliance with 
second proviso to sub section 5 of section 135 of the 
Act. This matter has been disclosed in note 39 to the 
standalone /f_inancial statements.
 (b)  All amounts that are unspent under sub section (5) 
of section 135 of Companies Act, pursuant to any 
ongoing project, has been transferred to special 
account in compliance with provisions of sub section 
(6) of section 135 of the said Act. This matter has 
been disclosed in note 39 to the standalone /f_inancial 
statements.
For V. Sankar Aiyar & Co.,
Chartered Accountants
(FRN 109208W)
(S Nagabushanam)
Plac
e: Mumbai (M.No.107022)
Date: M
ay 08, 2026 UDIN: 26107022VTBUHY4170

--- page 116 ---
198
Financial S
tatements
MCX Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
Report on the Internal Financial Controls under clause (i) of sub-
section 3 of sec
tion 143 of the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”)
The Annexure referred to in paragraph 2(f ) under ‘Report on 
Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements’ section of our report 
of even date
We have audited the internal /f_inancial controls over /f_inancial 
reporting of MUL TI COMMODITY EXCHANGE OF INDIA 
LIMITED (“the Company”) as of March 31, 2026 in conjunction 
with our audit of the standalone /f_inancial statements of the 
Company for the year ended on that date.
MANAGEMENT’S RESPONSIBILITY FOR INTERNAL 
FINANCIAL CON
TROLS
The Company’s Management is responsible for establishing 
and maintaining in t
ernal /f_inancial controls based on the 
internal control over /f_inancial reporting criteria established by 
the Company considering the essential components of internal 
control stated in the Guidance Note on Audit of Internal Financial 
Controls over Financial Reporting issued by the Institute of 
Chartered Accountants of India (The “Guidance Note”). These 
responsibilities include the design, implementation and 
maintenance of adequate internal /f_inancial controls that were 
operating eﬀectively for ensuring the orderly and eﬃcient 
conduct of its business, including adherence to Company’s 
policies, the safeguarding of its assets, the prevention and 
detection of frauds and errors, the accuracy and completeness 
of the accounting records, and the timely preparation of reliable 
/f_inancial information, as required under the Companies Act, 
2013 (“the Act”).
AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITY
Our r
esponsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s 
inter
nal /f_inancial controls over /f_inancial reporting based on our 
audit. We conducted our audit in accordance with the Guidance 
Note and the Standards on Auditing, prescribed under section 
143(10) of the Companies Act, 2013, to the extent applicable to 
an audit of internal /f_inancial controls. Those Standards and the 
Guidance Note require that we comply with ethical requirements 
and plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance 
about whether adequate internal /f_inancial controls over 
/f_inancial reporting was established and maintained and if such 
controls operated eﬀectively in all material respects.
Our audit involves performing procedures to obtain audit 
evidence about the adequacy of the internal /f_inancial controls 
system over /f_inancial reporting with reference to standalone 
ANNEXURE B TO THE INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT
/f_inancial stat
ements and their operating eﬀectiveness. Our 
audit of inter
nal /f_inancial controls over /f_inancial reporting 
included obtaining an understanding of internal /f_inancial 
controls over /f_inancial reporting with reference to standalone 
/f_inancial statements, assessing the risk that a material weakness 
exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating 
eﬀectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. 
The procedures selected depend on the auditors’ judgment, 
including the assessment of the risks of material misstatement 
of the /f_inancial statements, whether due to fraud or error.
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is suﬃcient 
and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit opinion on the 
Company’s internal /f_inancial controls system over /f_inancial 
reporting with reference to standalone /f_inancial statements.
MEANING OF INTERNAL FINANCIAL CONTROLS 
OVER FINANCI
AL REPORTING
A Company’s internal /f_inancial control over /f_inancial reporting 
with refer
ence to standalone /f_inancial statements is a process 
designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the 
reliability of /f_inancial reporting and the preparation of 
standalone /f_inancial statements for external purposes in 
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A 
company’s internal /f_inancial control over /f_inancial reporting 
with reference to these standalone /f_inancial statements 
includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the 
maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and 
fairly re/f_lect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the 
company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions 
are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of standalone 
/f_inancial statements in accordance with generally accepted 
accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures 
of the company are being made only in accordance with 
authorizations of management and directors of the company; 
and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or 
timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition 
of the company’s assets that could have a material eﬀect on the 
standalone /f_inancial statements.
INHERENT LIMITATIONS OF INTERNAL FINANCIAL 
CONTROLS OVER FIN
ANCIAL REPORTING
Because of the inherent limitations of internal /f_inancial controls 
over /f_inancial r
eporting with reference to these standalone 
/f_inancial statements, including the possibility of collusion 
or improper Management override of controls, material 
misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be 
199
detected. Also, projections of any evaluation of the internal 
/f_inancial con
trols over /f_inancial reporting with reference to 
standalone /f_inancial statements to future periods are subject 
to the risk that the internal /f_inancial control over /f_inancial 
reporting with reference to standalone /f_inancial statements 
may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or 
that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures 
may deteriorate.
OPINION
In our opinion, t
o the best our information and according to 
the explanations g
iven to us, the Company has, in all material 
respects, an adequate internal /f_inancial controls system over 
/f_inancial reporting and such internal /f_inancial controls over 
/f_inancial reporting were operating eﬀectively as at  March 31, 
2026, based on the internal control over /f_inancial reporting 
criteria established by the Company considering the essential 
components of internal control stated in the Guidance Note 
issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India.
For V. Sankar Aiyar & Co.,
Chartered Accountants
(FRN 109208W)
(S Nagabushanam)
Plac
e: Mumbai (M.No.107022)
Date: M
ay 08, 2026 UDIN: 26107022VTBUHY4170

--- page 117 ---
200
Financial S
tatements
MCX Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
Standalone Balance Sheet 
as at M
arch 31, 2026
` in crores
Not
es As at 
March 31, 2026
As at 
March 31, 2025
Assets
(1) N
on-current assets
 (a) P
roperty, plant and equipment 2A 232.03 223.65 
 (b) Capital work-in-progress 2B 28.00 6.12 
 (c) Right of use assets 2C 4.47 0.82 
 (d) Intangible assets 3A 172.06 181.01 
 (e) Intangible assets under development 3B 2.26 11.93 
 (f ) Financial assets 
  (i) Non-current investments 4 1,810.95 1,115.82 
  (ii) Other non-current /f_inancial assets 5 107.45 82.65 
 (g) Income tax assets (net) 6 - 8.84 
 (h) Other non-current assets 7 0.10 1.39 
Total non-current assets 2,357.32 1,632.23 
(2) Current assets 
 (a) Financial assets 
  (i) Current investments 8 1,174.54 512.95 
  (ii) Trade receivables 9 17.78 8.19 
  (iii) Cash and cash equivalents 10 0.37 0.98 
  (iv) Bank balances other than cash and cash equivalents (iii) above 11 22.76 43.80 
  (v) Other current /f_inancial assets 12 94.05 56.82 
 (b) Other current assets 13 63.23 40.60 
Total current assets 1,372.73 663.34 
Total assets 3,730.05 2,295.57 
Equity and liabilities 
(1) E quit
y 
 (a) E
quity share capital 14 51.00 51.00 
 (b) Other equity 15 2,765.24 1,876.50 
Total equity 2,816.24 1,927.50 
Liabilities 
(2) Non-current liabilities 
 (a) Financial liabilities 
  (i) Other non-current /f_inancial liabilities 16 65.74 55.85 
  (ii) Lease liabilities 35 3.83 0.31 
 (b) Deferred tax liabilities (net) 32 38.70 24.69 
 (c) Non-current provisions 17 3.61 2.74 
Total non-current liabilities 111.88 83.59 
(3) Current liabilities 
 (a) Financial liabilities 
  (i) Trade payables 18 
   -  Total outstanding dues of micro enterprises and small 
enterprises 
3.18 0.75 
   -  Total outstanding dues of creditors other than micro enterprises 
and small enterprises
188.82 72.51 
  (ii) Lease liabilities 35 0.93 0.70 
  (iii) Other current /f_inancial liabilities 19 106.67 75.89 
 (b) Other current liabilities 20 399.35 132.33 
 (c) Current provisions  21 3.50 2.30 
 (d) Income tax liabilities (net) 22 99.48 - 
Total current liabilities 801.93 284.48 
Total liabilities 913.81 368.07 
Total equity and liabilities 3,730.05 2,295.57 
Material accounting policies, key accounting estimates and judgements 1 
See accompanying notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
As per our report of even date attached For and on behalf of the B oard of Directors
For V. Sankar Aiyar & Co.
Chart
ered Accountants
Firm R
egistration Number: 109208W
S Nagabushanam Praveena Rai Dr. Harsh Kumar Bhanwala  Ashut osh Vaidya 
Partner Manag ing Director & CEO Chairman  Director 
Membership No. 107022 DIN: 09474203 DIN: 06417704  DIN: 06751825 
Place: Mumbai Manisha Thakur Chandresh S hah
Date: May 08, 2026 Compan y Secretary Chief Financial Oﬃcer
Membership No. A10855
Place: Mumbai
Date: May 08, 2026
201
Standalone Statement of Pro/f_it and Loss 
for the y
ear ended March 31, 2026
As per our report of even date attached For and on behalf of the B oard of Directors
For V. Sankar Aiyar & Co.
Chartered Accountants
Firm R
egistration Number: 109208W
S Nagabushanam Praveena Rai Dr. Harsh Kumar Bhanwala  Ashut osh Vaidya 
Partner Manag ing Director & CEO Chairman  Director 
Membership No. 107022 DIN: 09474203 DIN: 06417704  DIN: 06751825 
Place: Mumbai Manisha Thakur Chandresh S hah
Date: May 08, 2026 Compan y Secretary Chief Financial Oﬃcer
Membership No. A10855
Place: Mumbai
Date: May 08, 2026
` in crores
Par
ticulars Notes For the year ended 
March 31, 2026
For the year ended 
March 31, 2025
I Income
Revenue from operations 23  2,153.67  1,011.58 
Other income 24  128.09  95.79 
T
otal income  2,281.76  1,107.37 
II Expenses 
Employee bene/f_its expense 25  147.16  116.98 
Clearing & settlement char
ges and product license fees 26  364.66  189.65 
Finance costs 27  0.29  0.17 
Depreciation and amortization expense 2A, 2C, 3A  74.89  61.61 
Information technology and related expenses 28  73.23  62.37 
Contrbution to statutory funds and regulatory fees 29  163.73  79.45 
Other expenses 30  83.35  43.09 
Total expenses  907.31  553.32 
III Pro/f_it before tax  1,374.45  554.05 
IV Tax expenses 
(1) Current tax 32  332.93  119.46 
(2) Short pr
ovision for tax relating to previous years 32  0.58  5.76 
(3) Deferred tax 32  11.90  14.05 
Total tax expenses  345.41  139.27 
V Pro/f_it for the year  1,029.04  414.78 
VI Other comprehensive income 
Items that will not be reclassi/f_ied to pro/f_it or loss (net of tax)
 i) Changes in fair v alue of equit
y instruments  12.79  5.48 
ii) Remeasurement of employee bene/f_its obligations  (0.09)  (0.81)
VII Total comprehensive income for the year  1,041.74  419.45 
VIII Earnings per equity share (of `2/- each)
(1) Basic 36  40.36  16.27 
(2) Dilut ed 36  40.36  16.27 
M
aterial accounting policies, key accounting estimates and judgements 1
See accompanying notes to the Standalone Financial Statements

--- page 118 ---
202
Financial S
tatements
MCX Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
Standalone Cash Flow Statement 
for the y
ear ended March 31, 2026
` in crores
Par
ticulars Y ear ended
March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
A Cash /f_low from operating activities
Pro/f_it before tax 1,374.45 554.05
Adjustments f
or:
Depreciation and amortization expense 74.89 61.61
Finance costs 0.29 0.17
Gain arising on /f_inancial assets measured at FVTPL (net) (30.94) (21.99)
Amortization of premium on debt instruments 0.99 0.52
Amortization of discount on debt instruments (0.43) (0.27)
Provision for expected credit loss 5.37 -
Intangible asset under development written oﬀ - 0.26
Net loss on foreign currency transactions and translations 0.28 0.22
Provisions no longer required written back (5.90) (5.16)
Provision for anticipated claims - 3.00
Pro/f_it on derecognition of property, plant and equipment (0.26) (0.04)
Interest income (86.05) (61.19)
Remeasurement of employee bene/f_it (0.09) (41.85) (0.81) (23.68)
Operating cash /f_lows before working capital changes 1,332.60 530.37
Adjustments for (increase)/decrease in assets:
Other non-current /f_inancial assets 0.15 0.15
Other non-current assets 1.29 0.14
Trade receivables (9.59) 44.71
Other current /f_inancial assets (25.68) (18.64)
Other current assets (22.63) 8.06
Adjustments for increase/ (decrease) in liabilities:
Other non-current /f_inancial liabilities 9.89 4.63
Non-current provisions 0.87 0.49
Trade payables 124.36 18.25
Other current /f_inancial liabilities 12.83 19.23
Other current liabilities 267.02 47.68
Current provisions 1.20 359.71 1.67 126.37
Cash generated from operations 1,692.31 656.74
Income tax paid (net of refunds) (228.45) (45.67)
Net cash generated from operating activities (A) 1,463.86 611.07
B Cash /f_low from investing activities
Capital expenditure on property, plant and equipment/intangible 
assets including capital advances
(67.11) (93.68)
P
urchase of non-current investments (782.24) (301.29)
Investment in associates - (20.00)
Purchase of current investments (5,137.35) (2,242.95)
Proceeds from sale of current investments 4,619.00 2,109.63
Payment for investment in /f_ixed deposits (141.56) (80.23)
Bank balances other than classi/f_ied as cash and cash equivalents/
proceeds from /f_ixed deposits
142.00 15.32
Interest received 57.19 42.87
Net cash (used) in investing activities (B) (1,310.07) (570.33)
203
Standalone Cash Flow Statement 
for the y
ear ended March 31, 2026 (Contd.)
` in crores
Par
ticulars Y ear ended
March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
C Cash /f_low from /f_inancing activities
Dividend paid (153.00) (38.96)
Paymen
t of lease liabilities including interest on lease liabilities (1.40) (0.96)
Net cash (used) in /f_inancing activities (C) (154.40) (39.92)
Net (decrease)/increase in cash and cash equivalents (A+B+C) (0.61) 0.82
Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year 0.98 0.16
Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year  
(refer note 10)
0.37 0.98
Non-cash investing activities
Acquisition of Right-of-use assets 4.86 0.14
Note to Cash Flow Statement:
1 T
he cash /f_low statement has been prepared under the “Indirect Method” as set out in Ind AS 7 Statement of Cash Flows” .
2  Pr
evious years’ /f_igures have been regrouped wherever necessary.
As per our report of even date attached For and on behalf of the Board of Directors
For V. Sankar Aiyar & Co.
Chartered Accountants
Firm R
egistration Number: 109208W
S Nagabushanam Praveena Rai Dr. Harsh Kumar Bhanwala  Ashut osh Vaidya 
Partner Manag ing Director & CEO Chairman  Director 
Membership No. 107022 DIN: 09474203 DIN: 06417704  DIN: 06751825 
Place: Mumbai Manisha Thakur Chandresh S hah
Date: May 08, 2026 Compan y Secretary Chief Financial Oﬃcer
Membership No. A10855
Place: Mumbai
Date: May 08, 2026

--- page 119 ---
204
Financial S
tatements
MCX Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
Standalone Statement of Changes in Equity
for the y
ear ended March 31, 2026
A. EQUITY SHARE CAPITAL
(1) For the year ended March 31, 2026
` in crores
Balanc
e as at April 01, 
2025
Changes in equity 
share capital due to 
prior period errors
Restated balance at the 
beginning of the current 
reporting period
Changes in equity 
share capital during 
the current year
Balance as at  
March 31, 2026
51.00 - - - 51.00 
(2) For the year ended March 31, 2025
` in crores
Balanc
e as at April 01, 
2024
Changes in equity 
share capital due to 
prior period errors
Restated balance at the 
beginning of the current 
reporting period
Changes in equity 
share capital during 
the current year
Balance as at March 31, 
2025
51.00 - - - 51.00 
B. OTHER EQUITY 
For the year ended March 31, 2026
` in crores
Par
ticulars Reserves and surplus Re-measurements 
gain/(loss) on the 
de/f_ined employee 
bene/f_it plans and 
equity instruments 
Total
Securities 
premium 
Retained 
earnings
General 
reserve
Balance as at April 01, 2024 216.84 1,158.75 164.49 (44.07) 1,496.01 
Pro/f_it for the year - 414.78 - - 414.78 
Dividend - (38.96) - - (38.96)
Equity instruments through other comprehensive income 
(net of tax)
- - - 5.48 5.48 
Reclassi/f_ied to retained earning on disposal - 0.63 - (0.63) - 
Re-measurement of employee bene/f_its obligation (net of tax) - - - (0.81) (0.81)
Balance as at March 31, 2025 216.84 1,535.20 164.49 (40.03) 1,876.50 
Pro/f_it for the year - 1,029.04 - - 1,029.04 
Dividend - (153.00) - - (153.00)
Equity instruments through other comprehensive income 
(net of tax)
- - - 12.79 12.79 
Re-measurement of employee bene/f_its obligation (net of tax) - - - (0.09) (0.09)
Balance as at March 31, 2026 216.84 2,411.24 164.49 (27.33) 2,765.24 
As per our report of even date attached For and on behalf of the Board of Directors
For V. Sankar Aiyar & Co.
Chart
ered Accountants
Firm R
egistration Number: 109208W
S Nagabushanam Praveena Rai Dr. Harsh Kumar Bhanwala  Ashut osh Vaidya 
Partner Manag ing Director & CEO Chairman  Director 
Membership No. 107022 DIN: 09474203 DIN: 06417704  DIN: 06751825 
Place: Mumbai Manisha Thakur Chandresh S hah
Date: May 08, 2026 Compan y Secretary Chief Financial Oﬃcer
Membership No. A10855
Place: Mumbai
Date: May 08, 2026
205
COMPANY OVERVIEW
Multi Commodity Exchange of India Limited (the “Company” or 
the “Ex
change”) is a deemed Stock Exchange recognized under 
the Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act, 1956. The Company is 
a demutualized Exchange and has permanent recognition from 
the Government of India to facilitate nationwide online trading, 
clearing and settlement operations of commodity derivatives. 
Pursuant to SEBI approval to the Company’s wholly owned 
subsidiary, Multi Commodity Exchange Clearing Corporation 
Limited (MCXCCL) to act as the clearing corporation, the 
clearing and settlement division of the Company has been 
transferred to MCXCCL with eﬀect from September 01, 2018.
The Company is a public limited Company incorporated and 
domiciled in India and has its registered oﬃce at ‘Exchange 
Square’ , Suren Road, Chakala, Andheri (East), Mumbai 400093, 
India. Its shares are listed on the BSE Limited. Further, in 
pursuance of Regulation 3.1.1 of the National Stock Exchange 
(Capital Market) Trading Regulations Part A and other relevant 
provisions, National Stock Exchange of India Limited (NSE) vide 
its Circular Ref No. 202/201 dated March 07, 2012 noti/f_ied that 
with eﬀect from March 09, 2012 the Company’s equity shares 
were permitted to be traded and admitted to dealings on NSE.
The Standalone /f_inancial statements for the year ended March 
31, 2026, were approved by Board of Directors and authorized 
for issue on May 08, 2026.
1.  MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES, KEY 
A
CC
OUNTING ESTIMATES AND JUDGEMENTS
1.1 Basis of preparation of /f_inancial statements
  
These standalone /f_inancial statements have been prepared 
in acc
ordance with the Indian Accounting Standards 
(hereinafter referred to as the ‘Ind AS’) as noti/f_ied under 
Section 133 of the Companies Act, 2013 (‘Act’) read with 
of the Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules, 
2015 (as amended) and presentation requirements of 
Division II of Schedule III of the Companies Act, 2013, (Ind 
AS Compliant Schedule III), as applicable to standalone 
/f_inancial statements.
  Accounting policies have been consistently applied except 
where a newly issued accounting standard is initially 
adopted or a revision to an existing accounting standard 
requires a change in the accounting policy hitherto in use.
  These /f_inancial statements have been prepared and 
presented under the historical cost convention, on the 
accrual basis of accounting except for certain /f_inancial 
assets, /f_inancial liabilities, and de/f_ined bene/f_its that are 
measured at fair values at the end of each reporting period 
as required by relevant Ind AS, as stated in the accounting 
policies set out below. The accounting policies have been 
Notes Forming Part of the Standalone Financial Statements
applied c onsist
ently over all the periods presented in 
these standalone /f_inancial statemen
ts.
1.2 Material accounting policies
A. P
roperty, plant and equipment
  Property, plant and equipment are stated at original 
cost, less ac
cumulated depreciation and accumulated 
impairment losses, if any. Costs directly attributable 
to acquisition are capitalized until the property, plant 
and equipment are ready for use, as intended by the 
management.
  When parts of an item of property, plant and equipment 
have diﬀerent useful life, they are accounted for as 
separate items (major components) of property, plant 
and equipment. The carrying amount of any component 
accounted for as a separate asset is de-recognized when 
replaced. 
  Subsequent expenditure relating to property, plant and 
equipment is capitalized only when it is probable that 
future economic bene/f_its associated with these will /f_low 
to the Company and the cost of the item can be measured 
reliably. 
  Freehold land is carried at historical cost of acquisition. 
Freehold land is not depreciated.
  Depreciation methods, estimated useful lives and 
residual value:
  Depreciation is calculated using the straight-line method 
to allocate their cost over their estimated useful lives, from 
the date that they are available for intended use as follows:
Asset class Useful liv es
Buildings 60 years
Oﬃce equipment 5 years
Servers & network equipment 3-6 years
Furniture and /f_ittings 10 years
Vehicles 5 years
  Depreciation methods, useful lives and residual values are 
reviewed at each /f_inancial year end, with the eﬀect of any 
changes in estimate accounted for on a prospective basis.
  Repairs and maintenance costs are recognized in the 
Statement of Pro/f_it and Loss when incurred. 
 Derecognition of property, plant and equipment
  A property, plant and equipment are derecognized on 
disposal, or when no future economic bene/f_its are expected 
from use or disposal. The cost and related accumulated 
depreciation are eliminated from the /f_inancial statements 
upon sale or disposition of the asset and the resultant 
gains or losses measured as the diﬀerence between the 

--- page 120 ---
206
Financial S
tatements
MCX Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
Notes Forming Part of the Standalone Financial Statements (Contd.)
net disposal pr oc
eeds and the carrying amount of the 
asset, are r
ecognized in the Statement of Pro/f_it and Loss.
B. Intangible assets
  
Intangible assets are recognized only if it is probable that 
the future ec onomic bene/f_its tha
t are attributable to the 
assets will /f_low to the Company and the cost of the assets 
can be measured reliably. Directly attributable costs that 
are capitalized as part of the software include employee 
costs and an appropriate portion of relevant overheads. 
Expenditure on an intangible item is expensed when 
incurred unless it forms part of the cost of intangible asset 
that meets the recognition criteria. Intangible assets are 
stated at cost of acquisition and are carried at cost less 
accumulated amortization and impairment loss, if any. 
Intangible assets are amortized over their respective 
individual estimated useful lives on a straight-line basis, 
from the date that they are available for intended use. 
Amortization methods and useful lives are reviewed at 
each /f_inancial year end, with the eﬀect of any changes in 
estimate, accounted for on a prospective basis.
  At each balance sheet date consideration is given to 
determine whether there is any indication of impairment 
of the carrying amounts of the Company’s intangible 
assets. If indication exists, an asset’s recoverable amount 
is estimated. An impairment loss is recognized in the 
statement of pro/f_it and loss account whenever the carrying 
amount of an asset exceeds its recoverable amount.
  The estimated useful lives of intangible assets are as 
follows:
Asset class Useful lif e
Computer software & licence fees 5-10 years
Trademark and copyright 6-8 years
 Derecognition of intangible assets
  An intangible asset is derecognized on disposal, or when 
no future economic bene/f_its are expected from use or 
disposal. The cost and related accumulated amortization 
are eliminated from the /f_inancial statements and the 
resultant gains or losses arising from derecognition of 
an intangible asset, measured as the diﬀerence between 
the net disposal proceeds and the carrying amount of the 
asset, and are recognized in the Statement of Pro/f_it and 
Loss when the asset is derecognized.
  Purchase of any property, plant and equipment including 
intangible assets below `1,00,000/- is capitalized and fully 
depreciated in the same /f_inancial year.
C.  Capital work-in-progress (‘CWIP’) and intangible 
assets under developmen
t
  Capital work-in-progress/intangible assets under 
development ar
e carried at cost, comprising direct 
cost, related incidental expenses, and less impairment 
losses if any. Advances given to acquire property, plant 
and equipment are recorded as non-current assets and 
subsequently transferred to CWIP on acquisition of related 
assets. 
  Depreciation is not recorded on capital work-in-
progress and intangible assets under development until 
construction and installation are complete and the asset is 
ready for its intended use.
D. Impairment of non-/f_inancial assets
  
The Company assesses at each balance sheet date whether 
there is any indica
tion that an asset may be impaired, if 
such assets are considered to be impaired, the impairment 
to be recognized in the Statement of Pro/f_it and Loss is 
measured by the amount by which the carrying value of 
the assets exceeds the estimated recoverable amount of 
the asset. Impairment losses are reversed in the Statement 
of Pro/f_it and Loss only to the extent that the asset’s 
carrying amount does not exceed the carrying amount 
that would have been determined if no impairment loss 
had previously been recognized.
E. Cash and cash equivalents
  
Cash and short-term deposits in the Balance Sheet 
comprises cash a
t banks, cheques on hand, short-term 
deposits with a maturity of three months or less from 
the date of acquisition, that are readily convertible to a 
known amount of cash and subject to an insigni/f_icant risk 
of changes in value. These do not include bank balances 
earmarked/restricted for speci/f_ic purposes.
  For the purpose of the statement of cash /f_lows, cash and 
cash equivalents consist of cash and short-term deposits, 
as de/f_ined above as they are considered an integral part of 
the Company’s cash management.
F. Trade receivables
  
Trade receivables are amounts due from customers for 
services per
formed in the ordinary course of business and 
re/f_lects Company’s unconditional right to consideration 
(that is, payment is due only on the passage of time). Trade 
receivables are recognized initially at the transaction price 
as they do not contain signi/f_icant /f_inancing components. 
The Company holds the trade receivables with the 
objective of collecting the contractual cash /f_lows and 
therefore measures them subsequently at amortized cost 
using the eﬀective interest method, less loss allowance for 
credit impairment.
207
Notes Forming Part of the Standalone Financial Statements (Contd.)
G. Trade and other payables
  
These amounts represent liabilities for goods and services 
provided t
o the Company prior to the end of /f_inancial 
period which are unpaid. Trade and other payables are 
presented as current liabilities unless payment is not due 
within 12 months after the reporting period. They are 
recognized initially at their fair value and subsequently 
measured at amortized cost using the eﬀective interest 
method.
H. Cash /f_low statement
  
Cash /f_low statement are reported using the indirect 
method, whereb
y pro/f_it/(loss) before tax is adjusted for 
the eﬀects of transactions of non-cash nature and any 
deferrals or accruals of past or future cash receipts or 
payments. The cash /f_lows from operating, investing and 
/f_inancing activities of the Company are segregated.
I. Settlement guarantee funds
  
The Company contributes to Settlement Guarantee Fund 
in accor
dance with Securities Exchange Board of India 
(‘SEBI’) (Stock Exchanges and Clearing Corporations) 
Regulation 2018. The Company contributes 25% of its 
annual pro/f_its as per Regulation 33 of SECC 2012, and also 
contributes amounts pertaining to Minimum Required 
Contribution (MRC) to the Settlement Guarantee Fund 
maintained by MCX Clearing Corporation Limited 
(subsidiary of the Company), which is determined as per 
SEBI guidelines. The contribution to Settlement Guarantee 
Fund is recorded as an expense. Eﬀective August 29, 2016, 
SEBI has amended Regulation 33 of SECC Regulations, 
2012, and the Company is now required to contribute only 
towards the MRC of Settlement Guarantee Fund.
J. Fair value measurement
  
The Company measures /f_inancial instruments at fair value 
in accor
dance with accounting policies at each reporting 
date. Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an 
asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction 
between market participants at the measurement date. 
The fair value measurement is based on the presumption 
that the transaction to sell the asset or transfer the liability 
takes place either:
 - in the principal market for the asset or liability, or
 -  in the absence of a principal market, in the most 
advantageous market for the asset or liability. The 
principal or the most advantageous market must be 
accessible by the Company.
  All assets and liabilities for which fair value is measured 
or disclosed in the /f_inancial statements are categorized 
within the fair value hierarchy, described as follows, based 
on the lowest level input that is signi/f_icant to the fair value 
measurement as a whole:
 -  Level 1: Quoted (unadjusted) market prices in active 
markets for identical assets or liabilities.
 -  Level 2: Valuation techniques for which the lowest 
level input that is signi/f_icant to the fair value 
measurement is directly or indirectly observable.
 -  Level 3: Valuation techniques for which the lowest 
level input that is signi/f_icant to the fair value 
measurement is unobservable.
  For assets and liabilities that are recognized in the Balance 
Sheet on a recurring basis, the Company determines 
whether transfers have occurred between levels in the 
hierarchy by re-assessing categorization (based on the 
lowest level input that is signi/f_icant to the fair value 
measurement as a whole) at the end of each reporting 
period.
K. Financial instruments
  
Financial instrument is any contract that gives rise to a 
/f_inancial asset of one entity and a /f_inancial liabilit
y or 
equity instrument of another entity.
 a. Financial assets:
  
 The Company measures its /f_inancial assets at fair 
value at each Balanc
e Sheet date. In this context, 
quoted investments are fair valued adopting the 
techniques de/f_ined in level 1 of fair value hierarchy 
of Ind-AS 113 Fair Value Measurement” and 
unquoted investments, where the observable input 
is not readily available, are fair valued adopting the 
techniques de/f_ined in level 3 of fair value hierarchy 
of Ind-AS 113 and securing the valuation report from 
the certi/f_ied valuer. However, trade receivables that 
do not contain a signi/f_icant /f_inancing component 
are measured at transaction price.
   The Company classi/f_ies a /f_inancial asset in accordance 
with the below criteria:
  i.  The Company’s business model for managing 
the /f_inancial asset and
  ii.  The contractual cash /f_low characteristics of the 
/f_inancial asset.
   Based on the above criteria, the Company classi/f_ies 
its /f_inancial assets into the following categories:
  i.  Financial assets measured at amortized cost
  ii.  Financial assets measured at fair value through 
other comprehensive income (FVTOCI) 
  iii.  Financial assets measured at fair value through 
pro/f_it or loss (FVTPL)

--- page 121 ---
208
Financial S
tatements
MCX Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
Notes Forming Part of the Standalone Financial Statements (Contd.)
  
 A /f_inancial asset is measured at the amortized cost if 
both the following c
onditions are met:
  a.  The Company’s business model objective for 
managing the /f_inancial asset is to hold /f_inancial 
assets in order to collect contractual cash /f_lows, 
and
  b.  The contractual terms of the /f_inancial asset give 
rise on speci/f_ied dates to cash /f_lows that are 
solely payments of principal and interest on the 
principal amount outstanding.
   Amortized cost are represented by investment in 
interest bearing debt instruments, trade receivables, 
security deposits, cash and cash equivalents, 
employee and other advances and eligible current 
and non-current assets.
   A /f_inancial asset is measured at FVTOCI if both of the 
following conditions are met:  
  a.  The Company’s business model objective for 
managing the /f_inancial asset is achieved both 
by collecting contractual cash /f_lows and selling 
the /f_inancial assets, and
  b.  The contractual terms of the /f_inancial asset give 
rise on speci/f_ied dates to cash /f_lows that are 
solely payments of principal and interest on the 
principal amount outstanding.  
   However, the Company recognizes dividend income 
from such instruments in the Statement of Pro/f_it and 
Loss and fair value changes are recognized in other 
comprehensive income (OCI).
   A /f_inancial asset is measured at FVTPL unless it is 
measured at amortized cost or at FVTOCI as explained 
above. This is a residual category applied to all other 
investments of the Company. Such /f_inancial assets 
are subsequently measured at fair value at each 
reporting date. Fair value changes are recognized in 
the Statement of Pro/f_it and Loss.
   Financial assets are measured initially at fair value 
plus transaction costs and subsequently carried at 
amortized cost using the eﬀective interest rate (EIR) 
method, less impairment loss, if any.
  Target maturity funds
   The Company intends to hold its investment in open 
ended target maturity funds till maturity. It may 
be noted that these funds have a pre-determined 
maturity date. These funds follow a passive buy 
and hold strategy; in which the existing underlying 
investment bonds are expected to be held till maturity 
unless sold for meeting redemptions or rebalancing 
requirements as stated in the scheme document. 
In our view, such strategy mitigates intermittent 
price volatility in open ended target maturity funds’ 
underlying investments; and investors who remain 
invested until maturity are expected to mitigate the 
market/volatility risk to a large extent. These funds 
can invest only in plain vanilla INR bonds with /f_ixed 
coupon and maturity; and cannot invest in /f_loating 
rate bonds. Based on this, the Company believes 
that the investments in open ended target maturity 
funds meet the requirements of SPPI test as per the 
requirements of Ind AS 109.
  Earmarked funds
   Earmarked funds represent deposits, margins, 
etc. held for speci/f_ic purposes. These amounts are 
invested and the same are earmarked in the Balance 
Sheet. Investment income earned on /f_inancial 
instrument is credited to respective earmarked 
liabilities and not credited to the Statement of 
Pro/f_it and Loss. The gain/ (loss) on Fair Value of the 
investments from these earmarked funds are shown 
as liabilities/asset and are not routed through the 
Statement of Pro/f_it and Loss.
  De-recognition
   Financial asset (or, where applicable, a part of a 
/f_inancial asset or part of a group of similar /f_inancial 
assets) is primarily derecognized (i.e. removed from 
the Company’s Balance Sheet) when:
  -  The rights to receive cash /f_lows from the asset 
have expired, or
  -  The Company has transferred its rights to 
receive cash /f_lows from the asset or has 
assumed an obligation to pay the received cash 
/f_lows in full without material delay to a third 
party under a ‘pass-through’ arrangement and 
either;
  a.  The Company has transferred substantially all 
the risks and rewards of the asset, or
  b.  The Company has neither transferred nor 
retained substantially all the risks and rewards 
of the asset, but has transferred control of the 
asset. 
   When the Company has transferred its rights to 
receive cash /f_lows from an asset or has entered into 
a pass-through arrangement, it evaluates if and to 
what extent it has retained the risks and rewards 
of ownership. When it has neither transferred nor 
209
Notes Forming Part of the Standalone Financial Statements (Contd.)
retained substantially all of the risks and rewards of 
the asset , nor tr
ansferred control of the asset, the 
Company continues to recognize the transferred 
asset to the extent of the Company’s continuing 
involvement. In that case, the Company also 
recognizes an associated liability. The transferred 
asset and the associated liability are measured on a 
basis that re/f_lects the rights and obligations that the 
Company has retained.
   On de-recognition of a /f_inancial asset, (except for 
/f_inancial assets measured at FVTOCI) the diﬀerence 
between the carrying amount and the consideration 
received is recognized in the Statement of Pro/f_it and 
Loss.  
  Impairment of /f_inancial assets
   The Company assesses impairment based on 
expected credit losses (ECL) model to the following:
  - Financial assets measured at amortized cost.
  -  Financial assets measured at fair value through 
other comprehensive income (FVTOCI).
  -  Financial assets measure at fair value through 
pro/f_it and loss (FVTPL).
   Expected credit losses are measured through a loss 
allowance at an amount equal to:
  -  The 12 months expected credit losses (expected 
credit losses that result from those default 
events on the /f_inancial instrument that are 
possible within 12 months after the reporting 
date); or
  -  Full lifetime expected credit losses (expected 
credit losses that result from all possible default 
events over the life of the /f_inancial instrument).
   For recognition of impairment loss on other /f_inancial 
assets and risk exposure, the Company determines 
whether there has been a signi/f_icant increase in the 
credit risk since initial recognition. If credit risk has 
not increased signi/f_icantly, 12-months ECL is used to 
provide for impairment loss. However, if credit risk 
has increased signi/f_icantly, lifetime ECL is used. If, in 
a subsequent period, credit quality of the instrument 
improves such that there is no longer a signi/f_icant 
increase in credit risk since initial recognition, then 
the Company reverts to recognizing impairment loss 
allowance based on 12-months ECL.
   ECL impairment loss allowance (or reversal) 
recognized during the year is recognized as income/
expense in the Statement of Pro/f_it and Loss.
   For assessing increase in credit risk and impairment 
loss, the Company combines /f_inancial instruments 
on the basis of shared credit risk characteristics 
with the objective of facilitating an analysis that is 
designed to enable signi/f_icant increases in credit risk 
to be identi/f_ied on a timely basis.
 b. Financial liabilities:
  
 The Company recognizes a /f_inancial liability in 
its Balance Sheet when it bec
omes party to the 
contractual provisions of the instrument. 
   All non-current /f_inancial liabilities of the Company 
are measured at amortized cost using the eﬀective 
interest rate (EIR) method. Under the eﬀective interest 
rate method, the future cash payments are exactly 
discounted to the initial recognition value using the 
eﬀective interest rate. The cumulative amortization 
using the eﬀective interest rate method of the 
diﬀerence between the initial recognition amount 
and the maturity amount is added to the initial 
recognition value (net of principal repayments, if 
any) of the /f_inancial liability over the relevant period 
of the /f_inancial liability to arrive at the amortized 
cost at each reporting date. The corresponding 
eﬀect of the amortization under eﬀective interest 
rate method is recognized as an interest expense 
over the relevant period of the /f_inancial liability. The 
same is included under /f_inance cost in the Statement 
of Pro/f_it and Loss.
  De-recognition
   A /f_inancial liability is derecognized when the 
obligation under the liability is discharged or 
cancelled or expires. When an existing /f_inancial 
liability is replaced by another from the same 
lender on substantially diﬀerent terms, or the terms 
of an existing liability are substantially modi/f_ied, 
such an exchange or modi/f_ication is treated as 
the de-recognition of the original liability and the 
recognition of a new liability. The diﬀerence in the 
respective carrying amounts is recognized in the 
Statement of Pro/f_it and Loss.
  Oﬀsetting of /f_inancial instruments
   Financial assets and /f_inancial liabilities are oﬀset and 
the net amount is reported in the Balance Sheet if 
there is a currently enforceable legal right to oﬀset 
the recognized amounts and there is an intention to 
settle on a net basis, to realize the assets and settle 
the liabilities simultaneously. The legally enforceable 
right must not be contingent on future events and 
must be enforceable in the normal course of business 

--- page 122 ---
210
Financial S
tatements
MCX Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
Notes Forming Part of the Standalone Financial Statements (Contd.)
and in the even
t of default, insolvency or bankruptcy 
of the Company or the c
ounterparty.
L. Equity investments (in subsidiary and associates)
  
Investments in subsidiary and associates are carried at 
cost less accumula
ted impairment losses, if any. Where an 
indication of impairment exists, the carrying amount of 
the investment is assessed and written down immediately 
to its recoverable amount. On disposal of investments 
in subsidiaries and associates, the diﬀerence between 
net disposal proceeds and the carrying amounts are 
recognized in the Statement of Pro/f_it and Loss.
 Equity instruments at FVTOCI and FVTPL
  All equity instruments are measured at fair value other 
than investment in subsidiary and associates. Equity 
instruments held for trading are classi/f_ied as FVTPL. For 
all other equity instruments, the Company may make an 
irrevocable election to present subsequent changes in the 
fair value in OCI. The Company makes such election on an 
instrument-by-instrument basis.
  If the Company decides to classify an equity instrument as 
at FVTOCI, then all fair value changes on the instrument, 
excluding dividend are recognized in OCI which is not 
subsequently recycled to the Statement of Pro/f_it and Loss.
M. Revenue recognition
  
The Company has applied Ind AS 115 Revenue 
from Con
tracts with Customers which establishes a 
comprehensive framework for determining whether, how 
much and when revenue is to be recognized.
  The Company derives revenue primarily from commodity 
services mainly in the form of transaction charges, data 
feed income and connectivity charges. The Company 
recognizes revenue when the signi/f_icant terms of 
the arrangement are enforceable, services have been 
delivered and the collectability is reasonably assured. 
The method for recognizing revenues depends on the 
nature of services rendered. Revenue is recognized on 
accrual basis and when no signi/f_icant uncertainty as to 
measurement and realization exists.
  The Company considers the terms of the contract in 
determining the transaction price. The transaction price 
is based upon the amount the Company expects to be 
entitled to in exchange for transferring of promised 
services to the customer after deducting allowances and 
incentives such as discounts, volume rebates etc. Revenue 
excludes any taxes and duties collected on behalf of the 
government.
 a.  Transaction charges: Transaction fee is charged 
based on the volume of transactions entered into 
by the respective member or client of the member 
through the Exchange. Revenue is recognized on 
transactions in accordance with the Company’s fees 
scales as and when the transaction occurs.
 b.  Data feed income and connectivity charges: 
revenue is recognized over the period of the contract 
with the customer. The revenue is calculated based 
on the speci/f_ied charges for data feed provided and 
is recognized in the period in which the performance 
obligation is satis/f_ied.
 c.  Interest income: Interest income is recognized, 
when no signi/f_icant uncertainty as to measurability 
or collectability exists, on a time proportion basis 
taking into account the amount outstanding and the 
applicable interest rate. The amounts disclosed as 
revenue are net of taxes and amounts collected on 
behalf of third parties.
 d.  Pro/f_it on sale of investments:  Pro/f_it on sale of 
investments is determined as the diﬀerence between 
the sales price and carrying value of investments at 
the time of disposal of these investments.
 e.  Other: all other revenue is recognized in the period 
in which the performance obligation is satis/f_ied over 
a period of time or point in time.
  In respect of members who have been declared as 
defaulters by the Company, all amounts (dues) remaining 
to be recovered from such defaulters, net of available 
security and insurance cover available if any, till the date of 
being declared as defaulters are written oﬀ as bad debts. 
All subsequent recoveries are accounted when received.
N. Foreign currency translation 
  
The /f_inancial statements are presented in Indian rupee (`), 
which is Company
’s functional and presentation currency. 
Transactions in foreign currencies are recognized at 
the prevailing exchange rates on the transaction dates. 
Realized gains and losses on settlement of foreign 
currency transactions are recognized in the Statement of 
Pro/f_it and Loss. 
  Monetary foreign currency assets and liabilities at the 
year-end are translated at the year-end exchange rates 
and the resultant exchange diﬀerences are recognized in 
the Statement of Pro/f_it and Loss.
O. Current and non-current classi/f_ication
  
All assets and liabilities have been classi/f_ied as current or 
non-curr
ent as per the Company’s normal operating cycle 
(twelve months) and other criteria set out in the Schedule 
III to the Act.
211
Notes Forming Part of the Standalone Financial Statements (Contd.)
 Operating Cycle:
  
Based on the nature of products/activities of the Company 
and the normal time between acquisition of assets and 
their realization in cash or cash equivalents, the Company 
has determined its operating cycle as 12 months for the 
purpose of classi/f_ication of its assets and liabilities as 
current and non-current.
P . Employee bene/f_its expenses 
 a. 
 Post-employment bene/f_its and other long term 
bene/f_its
  De/f_ined contribution plans
 
  The Company pays provident fund contributions to 
publicly administered Provident Funds as per local 
regulations. The Company has no further payment 
obligations once the contributions have been 
paid. Payments to de/f_ined contribution schemes 
are recognized as an expense when employees 
have rendered the service entitling them to the 
contribution. 
  Gratuity
   In accordance with the Payment of Gratuity Act, 1972, 
the Company provides for a lump sum payment to 
eligible employees at retirement or termination of 
employment based on the last drawn salary and 
years of employment with the Company. 
   The Company has maintained a Group Gratuity 
Cum Life Assurance Scheme with the Life Insurance 
Corporation of India (LIC) towards which it annually 
contributes a sum determined by LIC. The liability or 
asset recognized in the balance sheet in respect of 
de/f_ined bene/f_it gratuity plans is the present value 
of the de/f_ined bene/f_it obligation at the end of the 
reporting period less the fair value of plan assets. The 
cost of providing bene/f_its under the de/f_ined bene/f_it 
scheme is determined using the projected unit credit 
method with actuarial valuations being carried out 
at each Balance Sheet date, which recognizes each 
period of service as giving rise to additional unit of 
employee bene/f_it entitlement and measure each 
unit separately to build up the /f_inal obligation.
   The Company recognizes re-measurement gains and 
losses arising on de/f_ined bene/f_it gratuity plans in 
other comprehensive income (OCI) as they will never 
be reclassi/f_ied into the Statement of Pro/f_it and Loss.
 b. Short-term employee bene/f_its
  
 The undiscounted amount of short-term employee 
bene/f_its expect
ed to be paid in exchange for the 
services rendered by employees is recognized as 
an expense during the period when the employee 
renders those services. These bene/f_its include 
compensated absences such as leave expected to be 
availed within a year and performance incentives.
Q. Taxes on Income (current and deferred)
  
Income tax expense comprises both current and deferred 
tax. 
 a. Current income tax
  
 Current income tax for taxable pro/f_it before tax as 
report
ed in the Statement of Pro/f_it and Loss for the 
periods is recognized at the amount expected to be 
paid to or recovered from the tax authorities, using 
the tax rates and tax laws that have been enacted 
or substantively enacted by the Balance Sheet 
date. 
   Income tax expense is recognized in the Statement 
of Pro/f_it and Loss except to the extent that it 
relates to items recognized in equity or in other 
comprehensive income (OCI).
   The Company oﬀsets current tax assets and current 
tax liabilities, where it has a legally enforceable 
right to set oﬀ the recognized amounts and where 
it intends either to settle on a net basis, or to realize 
the asset and settle the liability simultaneously.
   The Company recognizes interest levied and 
penalties related to income tax assessments in 
income tax expenses.
 b. Deferred income tax
  
 Deferred income tax is recognized using the Balance 
Sheet approach. Def
erred income tax assets and 
liabilities are recognized for all temporary diﬀerences 
arising between the tax bases of assets and 
liabilities and their carrying amounts in the /f_inancial 
statements. Deferred tax assets are reviewed at each 
reporting date and are reduced to the extent that it 
is no longer probable that the related tax bene/f_it will 
be realized.
   Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are 
measured using tax rates and tax laws that have been 
enacted or substantively enacted by the Balance 
Sheet date and are expected to apply to taxable 
income in the years in which those temporary 
diﬀerences are expected to be recovered or settled. 
The eﬀect of changes in tax rates on deferred income 
tax assets and liabilities is recognized as income or 
expense in the period that includes the enactment 
or the substantive enactment date.

--- page 123 ---
212
Financial S
tatements
MCX Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
Notes Forming Part of the Standalone Financial Statements (Contd.)
  
 The carrying amount of deferred tax assets are 
reviewed a
t the end of each reporting period and 
is recognized to the extent that it is probable that 
future taxable pro/f_it will be available against which 
the deductible temporary diﬀerences and carrying 
forward of unused tax credits and unused tax 
losses can be utilized. Deferred tax relating to items 
recognized outside the Statement of Pro/f_it and 
Loss are recognized in correlation to the underlying 
transaction either in other comprehensive income 
(OCI) or directly in equity.
   Deferred tax assets and liabilities are oﬀset when 
there is a legally enforceable right to oﬀset current 
tax assets and liabilities and when the deferred tax 
balances relate to the same taxation authority.
R. Ind AS 116 “Leases”
  
A contract is, or contains, a lease if the contract conveys 
the right t
o control the use of an identi/f_ied asset for a 
period of time in exchange for consideration.
 a. As a lessee
  
 The Company, as a lessee, recognizes a right-of-
use asset (ROU) and a lease liability f
or its leasing 
arrangements, if the contract conveys the right to 
control the use of an identi/f_ied asset. The contract 
conveys the right to control the use of an identi/f_ied 
asset, if it involves the use of an identi/f_ied asset and 
the Company has substantially all of the economic 
bene/f_its from use of the asset and has right to direct 
the use of the identi/f_ied asset.
   The Company recognizes a ROU and a lease liability 
at the lease commencement date. The ROU is initially 
measured at cost which comprise the initial amount 
of lease liability adjusted for any lease payments 
made before the commencement date. The ROU 
is subsequently depreciated using the straight-
line method of the balance lease term. In addition, 
the right of use asset is periodically reduced by 
impairment loss, if any and adjusted for certain 
remeasurements of lease liability.
   The lease liability is initially measured at the present 
value of the lease payments that are not paid at the 
commencement date, discounted using the interest 
rate implicit in the lease or, if that rate cannot be 
readily determined, the Company’s incremental 
borrowing rate. Generally, the Company uses its 
incremental borrowing rate as the discount rate.
   Lease payments included in the measurement of the 
lease liability comprise the amounts expected to be 
payable over the period of lease. The lease liability is 
measured at amortized cost using eﬀective interest 
rate (EIR) method. It is remeasured when there is a 
change in future lease payments arising from change 
in the index or rate.
   Lease liability and ROU asset have been separately 
presented in the Balance Sheet and lease payments 
(including interest) have been classi/f_ied as cash /f_lows 
from /f_inancing activities in Cash Flow Statement.
  Short-term leases and leases of low-value assets
   The Company has elected not to recognize right-to-
use assets and lease liabilities for short term lease 
that have a lease term of 12 months or less and 
leases of low-value assets. The Company recognize 
the lease payments associated with these leases as 
an expense on a straight-line basis over the lease 
term.
 b. Lessor
   When the Company acts as a lessor, it determines at 
lease inception whether each lease is a /f_inance lease 
or an oper
ating lease. 
   To classify each lease, the Company makes an 
overall assessment of whether the lease transfers 
substantially all of the risks and rewards incidental 
to ownership of the underlying asset. If this is the 
case, then the lease is a /f_inance lease; if not, then 
it is an operating lease. As part of this assessment, 
the Company considers certain indicators such 
as whether the lease is for the major part of the 
economic life of the asset.
   The Company recognizes lease payments received 
under operating leases as income on a straight-
line basis over the lease term. Contingent rents are 
recognized as revenue in the period in which they 
are earned.
   The accounting policies applicable to the Company 
as a lessor in the comparative period were not 
diﬀerent from Ind AS 116.
S.  Provisions, contingent liabilities, contingent assets 
and commitments
 
 A provision is recognized when the Company has a present 
obligation as a r esult of past ev
ents and it is probable 
that an out/f_low of resources will be required to settle the 
obligation in respect of which a reliable estimate can be 
made.
  Provisions (excluding retirement bene/f_its) are not 
discounted to their present value and are determined 
based on the best estimate required to settle the 
obligation at the Balance Sheet date. These are reviewed 
213
Notes Forming Part of the Standalone Financial Statements (Contd.)
at each Balance Sheet date and adjusted to re/f_lect the 
curr
ent best estimates.
  If the eﬀect of the time value of money is material, 
provisions are discounted using a current pre-tax rate that 
re/f_lects, when appropriate, the risks speci/f_ic to the liability. 
When discounting is used, the increase in the provision 
due to the passage of time is recognized as a /f_inance cost.
 Contingent liability is disclosed in the case of:
 -  a present obligation arising from past events, when 
it is not probable that an out/f_low of resources will be 
required to settle the obligation;
 -  a present obligation arising from past events, when 
no reliable estimate is possible;
 -  a possible obligation arising from past events, when 
the probability of out/f_low of resources is remote.
  Contingent liabilities are not disclosed in case the 
possibility of an out/f_low of resources embodying 
economic bene/f_its is remote. Contingent assets are not 
disclosed but recognized when economic in/f_low is certain.
  Commitments include the amount of purchase order (net 
of advances) issued to parties for completion of assets. 
  Provisions, contingent liabilities, contingent assets and 
commitments are reviewed at each Balance Sheet date 
and adjusted to re/f_lect the current best estimates.
T. Exceptional items
  
Certain occasions, the size, type or incidence of an item 
of income or expense
, pertaining to the ordinary activities 
of the Company is such that its disclosure improves the 
understanding of the performance of the Company, such 
income or expense is classi/f_ied as an exceptional item and 
accordingly, disclosed in the notes accompanying to the 
standalone /f_inancial statements.
U. Earnings per share
  
Basic earnings per share are computed by dividing the 
pro/f_it aft
er tax by the weighted average number of equity 
shares outstanding during the year. Diluted earnings 
per share is computed by dividing/uni00A0 the pro/f_it after tax 
as adjusted for dividend, interest and other charges to 
expense or income (net of any attributable taxes) relating 
to the dilutive potential equity shares, by the weighted 
average number of equity shares considered for deriving 
basic earnings per share and the weighted average 
number of equity shares which could have been issued 
on the conversion of all dilutive potential equity shares. 
Potential equity shares are deemed to be dilutive only 
if their conversion to equity shares would decrease the 
net pro/f_it per share from continuing ordinary operations. 
Potential dilutive equity shares are deemed to be 
converted as at the beginning of the period, unless they 
have been issued at a later date. The dilutive potential 
equity shares are adjusted for the proceeds receivable had 
the shares been actually issued at fair value (i.e. average 
market value of the outstanding shares). Dilutive potential 
equity shares are determined independently for each 
period presented.
  In the case of a sub-division (split), the number of ordinary 
shares outstanding is adjusted for the increase in shares 
arising from the sub-division in both the current year and 
comparative periods, as if the event had occurred at the 
beginning of the earliest year presented.
V. Dividend
  The Company recognizes a liability to pay dividend to 
equity holders of the C ompan
y when the distribution is 
authorized. As per the corporate laws in India, a distribution 
is authorized when it is approved by the shareholders. A 
corresponding amount is recognized directly in equity.
W. Rounding of amounts
  
All amounts disclosed in the /f_inancial statements and 
notes hav
e been rounded oﬀ to the nearest crore as per 
the requirement of Schedule III, unless otherwise stated.
  During the year, the Company has changed the presentation 
of /f_inancial /f_igures from INR in lakhs (` in lakhs) to INR in 
crores (` in crores) for ease of readability and to align with 
industry practice. Accordingly, the /f_igures for previous 
periods have been regrouped and presented in ` in crores 
to conform to the current period presentation. This change 
does not have any impact on the reported pro/f_it, total 
equity or cash /f_lows of the Company.
X. Events after reporting date
  
Where events occurring after the Balance Sheet date 
provide evidenc
e of conditions that existed at the end of 
the reporting period, the impact of such events is adjusted 
within the /f_inancial statements. Otherwise, events after 
the Balance Sheet date of material size or nature are only 
disclosed.
1.3 Key accounting estimates and Judgments
  
The preparation of the Company’s /f_inancial statements 
requires the managemen
t to make judgements, 
estimates and assumptions that aﬀect the reported 
amounts of revenues, expenses, assets and liabilities, 
and the accompanying disclosures, and the disclosure 
of contingent liabilities. Uncertainty about these 
assumptions and estimates could result in outcomes that 
require a material adjustment to the carrying amount of 
assets or liabilities aﬀected in future periods.

--- page 124 ---
214
Financial S
tatements
MCX Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
Notes Forming Part of the Standalone Financial Statements (Contd.)
  
Estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed 
on a periodic basis. R
evisions to accounting estimates 
are recognized in the period in which the estimates are 
revised and in any future periods aﬀected. 
 Critical accounting estimates and assumptions:
  Critical accounting estimates require consideration of 
higher degree of judgement or complexity and relate to 
items that are more likely to be materially adjusted due 
to changes in estimates and assumptions from those 
originally assessed. The key assumptions concerning the 
future, and other key sources of estimation uncertainty at 
the reporting date, which have a signi/f_icant risk of causing 
a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets 
and liabilities within the next /f_inancial year, are described 
below:
 Income taxes
  The Company’s tax jurisdiction is India. Signi/f_icant 
judgements are involved in estimating budgeted pro/f_its 
for the purpose of paying advance tax, determining the 
provision for income taxes, including amount expected to 
be paid/recovered for uncertain tax positions.
 Property, plant and equipment
  Property, plant and equipment represent a signi/f_icant 
proportion of the asset base of the Company. The charge 
in respect of periodic depreciation/amortization is derived 
after determining an estimate of an asset’s expected useful 
lives and the expected residual value at the end of its life. 
The useful lives and residual values of company’s assets 
are determined by the management at the time the asset 
is acquired and reviewed at each /f_inancial year end. The 
lives are based on historical experience with similar assets 
as well as anticipation of future events, which may impact 
their life, such as changes in technical or commercial 
obsolescence arising from changes or improvements in 
production or from a change in market demand of the 
product or service output of the asset.
 De/f_ined bene/f_it plans
  The cost of the de/f_ined bene/f_it plan and other post-
employment bene/f_its and the present value of such 
obligation are determined using actuarial valuations. An 
actuarial valuation involves making various assumptions 
that may diﬀer from actual developments in the future. 
These include the determination of the discount rate, 
future salary increases, mortality rates and attrition rate. 
Due to the complexities involved in the valuation and its 
long-term nature, a de/f_ined bene/f_it obligation is highly 
sensitive to changes in these assumptions. All assumptions 
are reviewed at each reporting date.
 Fair value measurement of /f_inancial instruments
  When the fair values of /f_inancials assets and /f_inancial 
liabilities recorded in the Balance Sheet cannot be 
measured based on quoted prices in active markets, their 
fair value is measured using valuation techniques which 
involve various judgements and assumptions.
 Impairment of /f_inancial assets
  The impairment provisions for /f_inancial assets are based 
on assumptions about risk of default and expected loss 
rates. The Company uses judgement in making these 
assumptions and selecting the inputs to the impairment 
calculation, based on Company’s past history, existing 
market conditions as well as forward looking estimates at 
the end of each reporting period.
 Provisions
  The timing of recognition and quanti/f_ication of the 
liability (including litigations) requires the application of 
judgement to existing facts and circumstances, which can 
be subject to change. The carrying amounts of provisions 
and liabilities are reviewed regularly and revised to take 
account of changing facts and circumstances.
1.4 Recent Accounting Pronouncements
  
During the year, the Ministry of Corporate Aﬀairs 
(MCA) has noti/f_ied the C
ompanies (Indian Accounting 
Standards) Amendment Rules, 2025 and the Companies 
(Indian Accounting Standards) Second Amendment Rules, 
2025, which are applicable for annual reporting periods 
beginning on or after April 01, 2025. The Signi/f_icant 
amendments and their impact on the Company are as 
follows:
 (a)  Amendments to Ind AS 1 – Presentation of 
Financial Sta
tements
   The amendments clarify the criteria for classi/f_ication 
of liabilities as curren
t or non-current, particularly in 
relation to covenants attached to borrowings and 
the Company’s right to defer settlement.
 (b)  Amendments to Ind AS 7 – Statement of Cash 
Flow
s and Ind AS 107 – Financial Instruments: 
Disclosure
   The amendments introduce new disclosure 
requiremen
ts for supplier /f_inance arrangements 
(including reverse factoring arrangements), requiring 
entities to disclose information about the nature, 
extent, and /f_inancial impact of such arrangements.
215
Notes Forming Part of the Standalone Financial Statements (Contd.)
 (c) Amendments to Ind AS 12 – Income Taxes
  
 The amendments introduce a temporary exception 
from rec
ognizing deferred tax assets and liabilities 
related to Pilar Two income taxes and require 
additional disclosures regarding exposure to such 
taxes. 
 (d)  Amendments to Ind AS 21 – The Eﬀects of 
Changes in For
eign Exchange Rates
   The amendments provide guidance on determining 
exchange r
ates when a currency is not exchangeable 
and introduce related disclosure requirements. 
 (e) Other Amendments
  
 The amendments also include certain consequential 
and editor
ial changes to other Ind AS standards, 
which do not have a material impact on the 
Company’s /f_inancial statements.
   The Company has reviewed the new pronouncements 
and based on its evaluation, has determined that 
the new pronouncement is not applicable to the 
Company.

--- page 125 ---
216
Financial S
tatements
MCX Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
Notes Forming Part of the Standalone Financial Statements (Contd.)
2A. PROPERTY , PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
` in crores
Particulars Freehold 
land
Buildings Oﬃce 
equipments 
(including 
computer 
hardware)
Furniture and 
/f_ittings
Vehicles Total
Gross carrying amount
Balance as at April 01, 2024 50.61 62.68 164.09 7.91 2.41 287.70
Additions - - 68.59 0.06 1.73 70.38
Disposals/adjustments - - 57.21 0.30 0.57 58.08
Balance as at March 31, 2025 50.61 62.68 175.47 7.67 3.57 300.00
Additions - - 45.73 0.97 0.61 47.31
Disposals/adjustments - - 13.34 0.24 0.63 14.21
Balance as at March 31, 2026 50.61 62.68 207.86 8.40 3.55 333.10
Accumulated depreciation
Balance as at April 01, 2024 - 10.00 87.99 4.84 1.06 103.90
Additions - 1.14 27.91 0.65 0.49 30.19
Disposals/adjustments - - 57.19 0.30 0.25 57.74
Balance as at March 31, 2025 - 11.14 58.71 5.19 1.30 76.35
Additions - 1.15 36.25 0.66 0.63 38.69
Disposals/adjustments - - 13.34 0.24 0.39 13.97
Balance as at March 31, 2026 - 12.29 81.62 5.61 1.54 101.07
Net carrying amount
Balance as at March 31, 2025 50.61 51.54 116.76 2.48 2.27 223.65
Balance as at March 31, 2026 50.61 50.39 126.24 2.79 2.01 232.03
 Assets given on operating lease:
Category of asset Ar ea in sq. feet 
Exchange Square, 3rd /f_loor A wing & 1 cabin at 1st /f_loor A wing 9,070 September 01, 2022- August 31, 2025
Exchange Square, 3rd /f_loor B wing 2,134 June 01, 2024-August 31, 2025
Exchange Square, 3rd /f_loor A & B Wing & 4th /f_loor NOC room 12,036 September 01, 2025- August 31, 2027
17th /f_loor, Gift City 877 February 01, 2025- December 31, 2025
17th /f_loor, Gift City, additional area 1,034 June 01, 2024- April 30, 2025 &  
May 01, 2025-December 31, 2025
17th /f_loor, Gift City 1,911 January 01, 2026-November 30, 2026
Oﬃce no. 2 3,399 August 01, 2023-July 31, 2026
Oﬃce no. 3 3,377 August 01, 2023-July 31, 2026
2B. CAPITAL WORK/hyphen.capIN/hyphen.capPROGRESS
 As at March 31, 2026
` in crores
Balanc
e as at April 01, 2025 6.12 
Additions during the year 69.19 
Capitalized during the year 47.31 
Balance as at March 31, 2026 28.00 
217
Notes Forming Part of the Standalone Financial Statements (Contd.)
 Capital work-in-progress ageing schedule (as on March 31, 2026)
 ` in crores 
Par
ticulars Amount in CWIP for a period of
Less than  
1 year
1-2  
years
2-3  
years
More than  
3 years
Total
Projects in process  28.00  -  -  -  28.00 
Projects temporarily suspended  -  -  -  -  - 
Total  28.00  -  -  -  28.00 
 Capital work-in-progress: Projects with timeline delayed (as on March 31, 2026)
  As on March 31, 2026, there were no capital work-in-progress, where the actual cost of an asset/project has already exceeded the 
estimated c
ost as per original plan or actual timelines for completion of an asset/project have exceeded the estimated timelines 
as per original plan. Accordingly, no additional disclosure was required.
 As at March 31, 2025
` in crores
Balanc
e as at April 01, 2024  7.94 
Additions during the year  68.56 
Capitalized during the year  70.38 
Balance as at March 31, 2025  6.12 
 Capital work-in-progress ageing schedule (as on March 31, 2025)
 ` in crores 
Par
ticulars Amount in CWIP for a period of
Less than  
1 year
1-2  
years
2-3  
years
More than  
3 years
Total
Projects in process  6.12  -  -  -  6.12 
Projects temporarily suspended  -  -  -  -  - 
Total  6.12  -  -  -  6.12 
 Capital work-in-progress: Projects with timeline delayed (as on March 31, 2025)
  As on March 31, 2025, there were no capital work-in-progress, where the actual cost of an asset/project has already exceeded the 
estimated c
ost as per original plan or actual timelines for completion of an asset/project have exceeded the estimated timelines 
as per original plan. Accordingly, no additional disclosure was required.
2C. RIGHT OF USE ASSETS
` in crores
Par
ticulars Lease of oﬃce 
premises
Total
Gross carrying amount
Balance as at April 01, 2024  4.69  4.69 
Additions (refer note 35)  0.14  0.14 
Disposals  -  - 
Balance as at March 31, 2025  4.83  4.83 
Additions (refer note 35)  4.86  4.86 
Disposals  -  - 
Balance as at March 31, 2026  9.69  9.69 

--- page 126 ---
218
Financial S
tatements
MCX Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
Notes Forming Part of the Standalone Financial Statements (Contd.)
` in crores
Par
ticulars Lease of oﬃce 
premises
Total
Accumulated depreciation
Balance as at April 01, 2024  3.25  3.25 
Additions (refer note 35)  0.76  0.76 
Disposals  -  - 
Balance as at March 31, 2025  4.01  4.01 
Additions (refer note 35)  1.21  1.21 
Disposals  -  - 
Balance as at March 31, 2026  5.22  5.22 
Net carrying amount
Balance as at March 31, 2025  0.82  0.82 
Balance as at March 31, 2026  4.47  4.47 
3A. INTANGIBLE ASSETS
` in crores
Par
ticulars Computer software 
& license fees
Trademark and 
copyright
Total
Gross carrying amount
Balance as at April 01, 2024 268.42 0.09 268.51 
Additions 23.64 - 23.64 
Disposals/adjustments 49.41 - 49.41 
Balance as at March 31, 2025 242.65 0.09 242.74 
Additions 26.04 - 26.04 
Disposals/adjustments 0.18 - 0.18 
Balance as at March 31, 2026 268.51 0.09 268.60 
Accumulated amortization
Balance as at April 01, 2024 80.45 0.03 80.48 
Additions# 30.66 0.00 30.66 
Disposals/adjustments 49.41 - 49.41 
Balance as at March 31, 2025 61.70 0.03 61.73 
Additions 34.98 0.01 34.99 
Disposals/adjustments 0.18 - 0.18 
Balance as at March 31, 2026 96.50 0.04 96.54 
Net carrying amount
Balance as at March 31, 2025 180.95 0.06 181.01 
Balance as at March 31, 2026 172.01 0.05 172.06 
 #  /f_igures are below rounding oﬀ norms adopted by the Company.
 Note:
 1. Capital and other contractual commitment (refer note 31)
 2.  Signi/f_icant estimate: Useful life of intangible assets. As at March 31, 2026, the net carrying amount of the software & license 
fees was `172.01 crores (as on March 31, 2025: `180.95 crores). The Company estimates the useful life of the software based 
on the expected technical obsolescence of such assets. However, the actual useful life may deviate, depending on future 
technical innovations and competitor action.
219
Notes Forming Part of the Standalone Financial Statements (Contd.)
3B. INTANGIBLE ASSETS UNDER DEVELOPMENT
 As on March 31, 2026
` in crores
Balanc
e as at April 01, 2025  11.93 
Additions during the year  16.37 
Capitalized during the year  26.04 
Balance as at March 31, 2026  2.26 
 Intangible assets under development ageing schedule (as on March 31, 2026)
 ` in crores 
Par
ticulars Amount in CWIP for a period of
Less than  
1 year
1-2  
years
2-3  
years
More than  
3 years
Total
Projects in process  1.18  1.08  -  -  2.26 
Projects temporarily suspended  -  -  -  -  - 
Total  1.18  1.08  -  -  2.26 
 Intangible assets under development: Projects with timeline delayed (as on March 31, 2026)
  As on March 31, 2026, there were no intangible assets under development, whose completion is overdue or has exceeded its 
cost compar
ed to its original plan. Accordingly, no additional disclosure was required.
 As at March 31, 2025
` in crores
Balanc
e as at April 01, 2024  7.62 
Additions during the year  28.21 
Capitalized during the year  23.64 
Write oﬀ/adjustments  0.26 
Balance as at March 31, 2025  11.93 
 Intangible assets under development ageing schedule (as on March 31, 2025)
 ` in crores 
Par
ticulars Amount in CWIP for a period of
Less than  
1 year
1-2  
years
2-3  
years
More than  
3 years
Total
Projects in process  8.01  3.92  -  -  11.93 
Projects temporarily suspended  -  -  -  -  - 
Total  8.01  3.92  -  -  11.93 
 Intangible assets under development: Projects with timeline delayed (as on March 31, 2025)
  As on March 31, 2025, there were no intangible assets under development, whose completion is overdue or has exceeded its 
cost compar
ed to its original plan. Accordingly, no additional disclosure was required.

--- page 127 ---
220
Financial S
tatements
MCX Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
Notes Forming Part of the Standalone Financial Statements (Contd.)
4. NON/hyphen.capCURRENT INVEST MENTS
Particulars As a t March 31, 2026 As at March 31, 2025
Quantity  ` in crores Quantity  ` in crores 
A Investments in equity instruments (unquoted fully paid up)
(i) of Subsidiary - cost
Multi Commodity Exchange Clearing Corporation 
Limited
 23,99,85,000  239.99  23,99,85,000  239.99 
(Equity share of `10 each)
(ii) of Associate - cost
Countrywide Commodity Repository Limited (formerly 
known as CDSL Commodity Repository Limited)
 1,20,00,000  12.00  1,20,00,000  12.00 
(Equity share of `10 each)
India International Bullion Holding IFSC Limited  50,00,00,000  50.00  50,00,00,000  50.00 
(Equity share of `1 each)
 301.99  301.99 
B Investments other than subidiary and associates
(i) Investment in target maturity funds - amortized cost 
(unquoted)
 215.37  202.40 
(ii) Investment in PSU bonds - amortized cost (quoted)  200.82  99.76 
(iii) Investment in PSU bank bonds - amortized cost 
(quoted)
 239.40  250.56 
(iv) Investment in State Development Loan - amortized 
cost (quoted)
 619.32  261.11 
(v) Investment in G-sec STRIPS - amortized cost (quoted)  234.05  - 
 1,508.96  813.83 
Total  1,810.95  1,115.82 
Aggregate amount of quoted investments  1,495.12  610.00 
Aggregate market value of quoted investments  1,293.60  611.43 
Aggregate amount of unquoted investments  476.99  476.99 
Aggregate fair value of unquoted investments  517.35  504.39 
5. OTHER NON/hyphen.capCURRENT FINANCIAL ASSETS
` in crores
Par
ticulars As at  
March 31, 2026
As at  
March 31, 2025
Unsecured, considered good:
Security deposits  10.21  10.36 
Bank deposits with more than 12 months maturity (refer note 11)
- Earmarked*  24.60  8.71 
- Others  67.47  62.76 
Interest accrued but not due on /f_ixed deposits  5.17  0.82 
Total  107.45  82.65 
  * Earmarked deposits are restricted and includes deposits towards defaulter members, investor services fund and other restricted 
deposits.
221
Notes Forming Part of the Standalone Financial Statements (Contd.)
6. INCOME TAX ASSETS /parenleft.capNET/parenright.cap
` in crores
Par
ticulars As at  
March 31, 2026
As at  
March 31, 2025
Advance income tax [net of provisions ` nil (as at March 31, 2025: `975.59 crores)]  -  8.84 
Total  -  8.84 
 6.1:  The Company is subject to tax assessments and ongoing proceedings, which are pending before various Tax Appellate 
Authorities. Management periodically evaluates the positions taken in tax returns with respect to such matters, including 
unresolved tax disputes, which involves interpretation of applicable tax regulations and judicial precedents. Current 
tax liability and tax asset balances are presented, after recognizing as appropriate, provision for taxes payable and 
contingencies, basis management’s assessment of outcome, of such ongoing proceedings and amounts that may become 
payable to the tax authorities. Considering the nature of such estimates and uncertainties involved, the amount of such 
provisions may change upon /f_inal resolution of the matters with tax authorities. Refer also note 31 for details of contingent 
liabilities and litigations.
7. OTHER NON/hyphen.capCURRENT ASSETS
` in crores
Par
ticulars As at  
March 31, 2026
As at  
March 31, 2025
Capital advances  -  0.51 
Others
Prepaid expenses  0.10  0.88 
Total  0.10  1.39 
8. CURRENT  INVEST MENTS 
Particulars As a t March 31, 2026 As at March 31, 2025
Quantity ` in crores Quantity ` in crores
A Investments in equity instruments (unquoted fully paid up) 
of other Entities - FVTOCI
(i)  Metropolitan Stock Exchange of India Limited  
(Equity share of `1 each)
 33,17,77,008  32.18  33,17,77,008  17.25 
 32.18  17.25 
B Investments other than equity instruments
(i)  Investment in mutual funds - FVTPL (unquoted)*  1,042.57  433.07 
C Current maturities of long-term investments
(i)  Investment in exchange traded funds - FVTPL (quoted)  -  42.58 
(ii)  Investment in PSU bank bonds - amortized cost (quoted)  99.79  20.05 
 99.79  62.63 
Total  1,174.54  512.95 
*includes earmarked towards the Investor Service Fund - aggregate value `1.09 crores (as at March 31, 2025: `1.28 crores)
Aggregate amount of quoted investments  100.00  50.00 
Aggregate market value of quoted investments  99.79  62.63 
Aggregate amount of unquoted investments  1,089.65  483.08 
Aggregate fair value of unquoted investments  1,074.75  450.32 

--- page 128 ---
222
Financial S
tatements
MCX Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
Notes Forming Part of the Standalone Financial Statements (Contd.)
9. TRADE RECEIVABLES
` in crores
Par
ticulars As at  
March 31, 2026
As at  
March 31, 2025
Unsecured, considered good#  17.78  8.19 
Undisputed trade receivables – credit impaired  0.18  0.18 
 17.96  8.37 
Less: Allowance for doubtful trade receivables (refer note 39.c.vii)  (0.18)  (0.18)
Total  17.78  8.19 
 # includes trade receivables from related parties (refer note 37).
 9.1 Trade receivables are dues in respect of services rendered in the normal course of business.
 9.2 The normal credit period allowed by the Company ranges from 0 to 30 days.
 9.3  There are no dues from directors or other oﬃcers of the Company or any of them either severally or jointly with any other 
person or debts due by /f_irms or private companies respectively, in which any director is a partner or a director or a member.
 9.4 Credit risk management regarding trade receivables has been described in note 39.c.vii.
 9.5 Trade receivables have a short credit period and does not have any signi/f_icant /f_inancing component.
 Trade receivables ageing schedule (as at March 31, 2026)
 ` in crores 
Par
ticulars Outstanding for following periods from due date of payment
Less than  
6 months
6 months -  
1 year
1-2  
years
2-3  
years
More than  
3 years
Total
(i)  Undisputed trade receivables – secured 
considered good
 -  -  -  -  -  - 
(ii)  Undisputed trade receivables – considered 
good
 17.74  0.01  0.01  -  0.02  17.78 
(iii)  Undisputed trade receivables – which have 
signi/f_icant increase in credit risk
 -  -  -  -  -  - 
(iv)  Undisputed trade receivables – credit 
impaired
 -  -  0.01  0.01  0.16  0.18 
(v)  Disputed trade receivables– considered 
good
 -  -  -  -  -  - 
(vi)  Disputed trade receivables – which have 
signi/f_icant increase in credit risk
 -  -  -  -  -  - 
(vii)  Disputed trade receivables – credit 
impaired
 -  -  -  -  -  - 
Total  17.74  0.01  0.02  0.01  0.18  17.96 
Allowance for doubtful trade receivables 
(refer note 39.c.vii)
 (0.18)
Total trade receivables  17.78 
223
Notes Forming Part of the Standalone Financial Statements (Contd.)
 Trade receivables ageing schedule (as at March 31, 2025)
 ` in crores 
Par
ticulars Outstanding for following periods from due date of payment
Less than  
6 months
6 months -  
1 year
1-2  
years
2-3  
years
More than  
3 years
Total
(i)  Undisputed trade receivables – secured 
considered good
 -  -  -  -  -  - 
(ii)  Undisputed trade receivables – considered 
good
 8.16  0.01  -  -  0.02  8.19 
(iii)  Undisputed trade receivables – which have 
signi/f_icant increase in credit risk
 -  -  -  -  -  - 
(iv) Undisputed trade receivables – credit 
impaired#
 0.11  0.02  0.00  0.00  0.05  0.18 
(v)  Disputed trade receivables– considered 
good
 -  -  -  -  -  - 
(vi)  Disputed trade receivables – which have 
signi/f_icant increase in credit risk
 -  -  -  -  -  - 
(vii)  Disputed trade receivables – credit 
impaired
 -  -  -  -  -  - 
Total  8.27  0.03  0.00  0.00  0.07  8.37 
Allowance for doubtful trade receivables 
(refer note 39.c.vii)
 (0.18)
Total trade receivables  8.19 
 # /f_igures are below rounding oﬀ norms adopted by the Company.
10. CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
` in crores
Par
ticulars As at  
March 31, 2026
As at  
March 31, 2025
Balances with banks
- in current accounts  0.37  0.98 
Total  0.37  0.98 
11. BANK BALANCES OTHER THAN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
` in crores
Par
ticulars As at  
March 31, 2026
As at  
March 31, 2025
Bank deposits  110.05  114.15 
Less: Bank deposits with more than 12 months maturity (refer note 5)  (92.07)  (71.47)
Bank deposits with less than 12 months maturity*  17.98  42.68 
In current accounts
- Earmarked fund  4.15  0.50 
- unpaid dividend accounts  0.63  0.62 
Total  22.76  43.80 
 *includes earmarked Bank Deposits of `15.89 crores (as on March 31, 2025: `15.68 crores).

--- page 129 ---
224
Financial S
tatements
MCX Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
Notes Forming Part of the Standalone Financial Statements (Contd.)
12. OTHER CURRENT FINANCIAL ASSETS
` in crores
Par
ticulars As at  
March 31, 2026
As at  
March 31, 2025
Security deposits  0.96  0.46 
Unbilled revenue#  34.85  13.34 
Unsecured, considered good (unless stated otherwise)
Other receivables  25.01  20.54 
Less: Provision for doubtful receivables  -    -   
 25.01  20.54 
Interest accrued but not due on /f_ixed deposits
- Earmarked*  0.45  1.25 
- Others  0.31  3.41 
Interest accrued but not due on PSU bank bonds  10.32  7.56 
Interest accrued but not due on PSU bonds  8.76  3.46 
Interest accrued but not due on state development loan - bonds  13.39  6.80 
Total  94.05  56.82 
 #  secured by bank guarantees//f_ixed deposit receipts from members (refer note 16 & 19).
  *Earmarked deposits are restricted and includes deposits towards defaulter members, investor services fund and other restricted 
deposits.
13. OTHER CURRENT ASSETS
` in crores
Par
ticulars As at  
March 31, 2026
As at  
March 31, 2025
a) Unsecured, considered good (unless stated otherwise)
 Prepaid expenses  19.80  11.61 
 Balance with government authorities  31.15  18.22 
 Advances for supply of services other than capital advances  12.04  10.58 
 Advances to employees  0.24  0.19 
Total (A)  63.23  40.60 
b) Unsecured, considered doubtful
 Other recoverable  2.82  2.82 
 Less : Provision for doubtful advance  (2.82)  (2.82)
Total (B)  -    -   
Total (A) + (B)  63.23  40.60 
225
Notes Forming Part of the Standalone Financial Statements (Contd.)
14. EQUIT Y SHARE CAPITAL
Particulars As a t March 31, 2026 As at March 31, 2025
Number of 
shares
` in  
crores
Number of 
shares
` in  
crores
Authorized
Equity shares of `2/- each (March 31, 2025: `10/- each) 35,00,00,000 70.00 7,00,00,000 70.00 
Issued
Equity shares of `2/- each (March 31, 2025: `10/- each) 25,49,91,845 51.00 5,09,98,369 51.00 
Subscribed and paid-up
Equity shares of `2/- each (March 31, 2025: `10/- each) 25,49,91,845 51.00 5,09,98,369 51.00 
25,49,91,845 51.00 5,09,98,369 51.00 
 a. Reconciliation of the number of equity shares outstanding at the beginning and at the end of the reporting year:
Particulars As a t March 31, 2026 As at March 31, 2025
Number of 
shares
` in  
crores
Number of 
shares
` in  
crores
Opening balance at the beginning of the year  5,09,98,369  51.00  5,09,98,369  51.00 
Add: Sub-division/split of 1 share of face value ` 10 each 
into such number share of face value `2 each eﬀective 
January 02, 2026 (Increase in shares on account of 
subdivision/split) (refer note 'd' below)
 20,39,93,476  -  -  - 
Closing balance at the end of the year  25,49,91,845  51.00  5,09,98,369  51.00 
 b. Rights, preferences and restrictions attached to equity shares:    
   The Company has only one class of/uni00A0shares referred to as equity shares having a par value of `2/- per share. Each holder of 
equit
y shares is entitled to one vote per share. The Company declares and pays dividend in Indian Rupees. The dividend 
recommended by the Board of Directors is subject to the approval of the shareholders at the ensuing annual general 
meeting, except in the case of interim dividend. In the event of liquidation of the Company, the holders of equity shares 
will be entitled to receive remaining assets of the Company, after distribution of all preferential amounts in the proportion 
of equity shares held.
 c. Details of shares held by each shareholder holding more than 5% Shares:
Name of shareholders As a t March 31, 2026 As at March 31, 2025
Number of 
shares % of holding Number of 
shares % of holding
Kotak Mahindra Bank Limited  3,82,48,775 15%  76,49,755 15%
 d. Sub-division/split of equity shares
   The Board of Directors at its meeting held on August 01, 2025, approved the sub-division of each equity share of face value 
of `10/- (Rupees Ten only) each, fully paid up
, into 5 (/f_ive) equity shares having face value of `2/- (Rupees Two only) each, 
fully paid up. Further, in the AGM held on September 12, 2025, shareholders’ approval was obtained through postal ballot 
process with a requisite majority. The record date for the said sub-division was /f_ixed on January 02, 2026. Pursuant to sub-
division/split of shares eﬀective January 02, 2026 (“Record Date”), the paid up equity share capital of the Company is `51.00 
crores, consisting of 254,991,845 equity shares having face value of `2/- (Rupees Two only) each fully paid-up.
 e.  During the year ended March 31, 2009, the shareholders of the Company approved the ‘Employee Stock Options Plan 
2008 (‘ESOP – 2008’). Under the said scheme, 16,25,000 equit
y shares of `10 each have been allotted to ESOP trust who 
will administer the ESOP scheme on behalf of the Company. Lapsed options available for reissuance are 4,77,755 shares on 
account of sub-division of shares during the year (As at March 31, 2025: 95,551) shares. During the year, there are no shares 
granted under Employee Stock Option Scheme.

--- page 130 ---
226
Financial S
tatements
MCX Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
Notes Forming Part of the Standalone Financial Statements (Contd.)
 f. There are no shares reserved for issue under options and contracts/commitments for the sale of shares/disinvestments.
 g. There are no bonus shares issued or bought back during the period of /f_ive years immediately preceding the reporting date.
 h.  Shares allotted as fully paid-up pursuant to contract without payment being received in cash during the year of /f_ive years 
immediately pr
eceding the date of the Balance Sheet as Nil.
15. OTHER EQUITY
 ` in crores 
Par
ticulars Reserves and surplus Re-measurements gain/
(loss) on the de/f_ined 
employee bene/f_it plans 
and equity instruments 
Total
Securities 
premium 
Retained 
earnings
General 
reserve
Balance as at April 01, 2024  216.84  1,158.75  164.49  (44.07)  1,496.01 
Pro/f_it for the year  -  414.78  -  -  414.78 
Dividend  -  (38.96)  -  -  (38.96)
Equity instruments through other 
comprehensive income (net of tax)
 -  -  -  5.48  5.48 
Reclassi/f_ied to retained earning on disposal  -  0.63  -  (0.63)  - 
Re-measurement of employee bene/f_its 
obligation (net of tax) 
 -  -  -  (0.81)  (0.81)
Balance as at March 31, 2025  216.84  1,535.20  164.49  (40.03)  1,876.50 
Pro/f_it for the year  -  1,029.04  -  -  1,029.04 
Dividend  -  (153.00)  -  -  (153.00)
Equity instruments through other 
comprehensive income (net of tax)
 -  -  -  12.79  12.79 
Re-measurement of employee bene/f_its 
obligation (net of tax) 
 -  -  -  (0.09)  (0.09)
Balance as at March 31, 2026  216.84  2,411.24  164.49  (27.33)  2,765.24 
 Notes:
 General reserve
  
The general reserve created from time to time transfer of pro/f_its from retained earnings for appropriation purposes. As the 
general reser
ve created by a transfer from one component of equity to another and is not an item of other comprehensive 
income, items included in general reserve will not be reclassi/f_ied to the Statement of Pro/f_it and Loss.
 Retained earnings
  
The same re/f_lects surplus/de/f_icit after taxes in the Statement of Pro/f_it and Loss. The amount that can be distributed by the 
Company as dividends t
o its equity shareholders is determined based on the balance in this reserve and also considering the 
requirements of the Companies Act, 2013.
 Securities premium
  
Securities premium is used to record the premium on issue of shares. The reserve can be utilized only for limited purpose such 
as issuance of bonus shares in ac
cordance with the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013.
 Other comprehensive income
 a.  Equity instruments through other comprehensive income – T his represents the cumulative gains and losses arising on 
the revaluation of equity instruments measured at fair value through other comprehensive income, under an irrevocable 
option, net of amounts reclassi/f_ied to retained earnings when such assets are disposed oﬀ.
 b.  Re-measurements gain/(loss) on the de/f_ined employee bene/f_it plan – This represents the cumulative gains and losses 
arising on re-measurements on the de/f_ined employee bene/f_it plan.
227
Notes Forming Part of the Standalone Financial Statements (Contd.)
16. OTHER NON/hyphen.capCURRENT FINANCIAL LIABILITIES
` in crores
Par
ticulars As at  
March 31, 2026
As at  
March 31, 2025
Payable to members -
- for trade/security deposits*  56.42  49.14 
- for others  2.58  2.58 
Employee bene/f_its payable  6.46  3.85 
Security deposits  0.28  0.28 
Total  65.74  55.85 
  *includes base minimum capital (cash) from members; in addition to the cash component of base minimum capital, the amount 
of bank guarantees//f_ixed deposits receipts (non cash component) forming part of base minimum capital as on March 31, 2026  
`24.98 crores (as on March 31, 2025: `19.88 crores).
17. NON/hyphen.capCURRENT PR OVISIONS 
` in crores
Par
ticulars As at  
March 31, 2026
As at  
March 31, 2025
Provision for compensated absences (refer note 38)  3.61  2.74 
Total  3.61  2.74 
18. TRADE PAYABLES 
` in crores
Par
ticulars As at  
March 31, 2026
As at  
March 31, 2025
Total outstanding dues of micro enterprises and small enterprises (refer note 42)  3.18  0.75 
Total outstanding dues of creditors other than micro enterprises and small 
enterprises (refer note 37)
 188.82  72.51 
Total  192.00  73.26 
 Payables are generally settled within 0 - 30 days 
 Trade payables ageing schedule (as at March 31, 2026)
` in crores
Par
ticulars Outstanding for following periods from due date of payment Accrued 
expense
Total
Not due Less than  
1 year
1-2  
years
2-3  
years
More than  
3 years
(i) MSME  3.18  -  -  -  -  -  3.18 
(ii) Others  45.74  21.79  -  -  -  121.29  188.82 
(iii) Disputed dues - MSME  -  -  -  -  -  -  - 
(iv) Disputed dues - Others  -  -  -  -  -  -  - 
Total  48.92  21.79  -  -  -  121.29  192.00 

--- page 131 ---
228
Financial S
tatements
MCX Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
Notes Forming Part of the Standalone Financial Statements (Contd.)
 T
rade payables ageing schedule (as at March 31, 2025)
` in crores
Par
ticulars Outstanding for following periods from due date of payment Accrued 
expense
Total
Not due Less than  
1 year
1-2  
years
2-3  
years
More than  
3 years
(i) MSME  0.69  0.06  -  -  -  -  0.75 
(ii) Others  14.76  0.90  -  -  -  56.85  72.51 
(iii) Disputed dues - MSME  -  -  -  -  -  -  - 
(iv) Disputed dues - Others  -  -  -  -  -  -  - 
Total  15.45  0.96  -  -  -  56.85  73.26 
19. OTHER CURRENT FINANCIAL LIABILITIES 
` in crores
Par
ticulars As at  
March 31, 2026
As at  
March 31, 2025
Advance received from members and applicants towards
- Member's security deposits *  25.00  26.06 
- Application money (pending admission)  0.26  0.26 
SEBI regulatory fund (Agri)  0.08  0.08 
Employee bene/f_its payable  42.40  28.48 
Payable for purchase of /f_ixed assets  37.70  19.75 
Unclaimed dividends (refer note 51)  0.63  0.62 
Security deposits  0.60  0.64 
Total  106.67  75.89 
  *includes base minimum capital (cash) from members; in addition to the cash component of base minimum capital, the amount 
of bank guarantees//f_ixed deposits receipts (non cash component) forming part of base minimum capital as on March 31, 2026  
`55.13 crores (as on March 31, 2025: `46.74 crores).
20. OTHER CURRENT LIABILITIES 
` in crores
Par
ticulars As at  
March 31, 2026
As at  
March 31, 2025
Statutory remittances  355.95  107.73 
Payable to Multi Commodity Exchange Investor Protection Fund (IPF) (refer note 49)  6.27  6.55 
Investor Services Fund (ISF)*  28.98  11.33 
Advance received from members and applicants  3.16  3.67 
Income received in advance  4.99  3.05 
Total  399.35  132.33 
  *SEBI vide its circular CIR/CDMRD/DEICE/CIR/P/2017/53 dated June 13, 2017 has mandated to set up Investor Service Fund (ISF) 
for providing basic minimum facilities at various Investor Service Centres. Accordingly, contribution made during the year is  
`20.91 crores (March 31, 2025: `9.62 crores), investment income `1.12 crores (March 31, 2025: `0.62 crores), and utilized  
`4.38 crores (March 31, 2025: `7.62 crores).
229
Notes Forming Part of the Standalone Financial Statements (Contd.)
21. CURRENT  PR OVISIONS 
` in crores
Par
ticulars As at  
March 31, 2026
As at  
March 31, 2025
Provision for compensated absences (refer note 38)  0.59  0.58 
Provision for gratuity (refer note 38)  2.91  1.72 
Total  3.50  2.30 
22. INCOME TAX LIABILITIES /parenleft.capNET/parenright.cap 
` in crores
Par
ticulars As at  
March 31, 2026
As at  
March 31, 2025
Provision for tax [net of advance tax `1,219.11 crores (March 31, 2025: ` Nil)]  99.48  -   
Total  99.48  -   
22.1:  The Company is subject to tax assessments and ongoing proceedings, which are pending before various Tax Appellate Authorities. 
Management periodically evaluates the positions taken in tax returns with respect to such matters, including unresolved tax 
disputes, which involves interpretation of applicable tax regulations and judicial precedents. Current tax liability and tax asset 
balances are presented, after recognizing as appropriate, provision for taxes payable and contingencies, basis management’s 
assessment of outcome, of such ongoing proceedings and amounts that may become payable to the tax authorities. Considering 
the nature of such estimates and uncertainties involved, the amount of such provisions may change upon /f_inal resolution of the 
matters with tax authorities. Refer also note 31 for details of contingent liabilities and litigations.
23. REVENUE FROM OPERATIONS
` in crores
Par
ticulars Y ear ended  
March 31, 2026
Y ear ended  
March 31, 2025
Revenue from contracts with customers:
Sale of services
Transaction fees  2,090.96  961.80 
Annual subscription fees  1.67  1.65 
Membership admission fees  2.70  1.58 
Terminal charges  0.49  0.24 
Total (A)  2,095.82  965.27 
Other operating revenues
Connectivity income  14.82  9.24 
Others recoveries from members  7.30  6.87 
Data feed income  14.88  12.55 
IT support services (refer note 37)  20.85  17.65 
Total (B)  57.85  46.31 
Total (A) + (B)  2,153.67  1,011.58 
Revenue Recognized
Point in time  2,100.96  970.24 
Over the period of time  52.71  41.34 
Total  2,153.67  1,011.58 

--- page 132 ---
230
Financial S
tatements
MCX Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
Notes Forming Part of the Standalone Financial Statements (Contd.)
 Rec
onciliation of revenue recognized with contract price:
` in crores
Par
ticulars Y ear ended  
March 31, 2026
Y ear ended  
March 31, 2025
Contract Price  2,158.66  1,014.63 
Adjustments for contract liabilities  (4.99)  (3.05)
Revenue from contracts with customers  2,153.67  1,011.58 
24. OTHER INCOME
` in crores
Par
ticulars Y ear ended  
March 31, 2026
Y ear ended  
March 31, 2025
Investment income
Interest income from /f_inancial assets at amortized cost:
- on bank deposits 4.78 2.83 
- on PSU bank bonds 25.25 18.35 
- on PSU bonds 10.38 6.83 
- on state development loans 32.36 19.94 
- on target maturity funds 12.96 12.96 
- on G-Sec (STRIPS) 0.32 - 
Gain arising on /f_inancial assets measured at FVTPL (net) 30.94 21.99 
Total (A) 116.99 82.90 
Other income:
Rental income from operating lease 4.19 3.72 
Provisions/liability no longer required written back 5.90 5.16 
Consultancy fees - 0.31 
Miscellaneous income 0.45 0.90 
Pro/f_it on sale of assets 0.26 0.04 
Interest income
- on income tax refund 0.30 2.72 
- from others - 0.04 
Total (B) 11.10 12.89 
Total (A) + (B) 128.09 95.79 
25. EMPLOYEE BENEFITS EXPENSE
` in crores
Par
ticulars Y ear ended  
March 31, 2026
Y ear ended  
March 31, 2025
Salaries, allowances and bonus  137.33  109.81 
Contribution to provident and other funds (refer note 38)  6.74  5.45 
Compensated absences (refer note 38)  1.88  1.32 
Staﬀ welfare expenses  1.21  0.40 
Total  147.16  116.98 
231
Notes Forming Part of the Standalone Financial Statements (Contd.)
26. CLEARING  AND  SETTLEMENT CHARGES AND PRODUCT LICENSE FEES
` in crores
Par
ticulars Y ear ended  
March 31, 2026
Y ear ended  
March 31, 2025
Clearing and settlement fees (refer note 37)  256.70  120.23 
Product license fees  107.96  69.42 
Total  364.66  189.65 
27. FINANCE  C OSTS
` in crores
Par
ticulars Y ear ended  
March 31, 2026
Y ear ended  
March 31, 2025
Interest expenses on:
- Interest on lease liabilities (refer note 35)  0.29  0.17 
Total  0.29  0.17 
28. INFORM A TION TECHNOLOGY AND RELATED EXPENSES
` in crores
Par
ticulars Y ear ended  
March 31, 2026
Y ear ended  
March 31, 2025
Software support and communication charges  73.23  62.37 
Total  73.23  62.37 
29. CONTRIBUTION TO STATUTORY FUNDS AND REGULATORY FEES
` in crores
Par
ticulars Y ear ended  
March 31, 2026
Y ear ended  
March 31, 2025
Contribution to Settlement Gurantee Fund (refer note 41)  104.55  48.09 
Contribution to Multi Commodity Exchange Investor Protection Fund (IPF)  
(refer note 49)
 20.91  9.62 
Contribution to Investor Service Fund  20.91  9.62 
SEBI - exchange regulatory fees  17.36  12.12 
Total  163.73  79.45 

--- page 133 ---
232
Financial S
tatements
MCX Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
Notes Forming Part of the Standalone Financial Statements (Contd.)
30. OTHER EXPENSES
` in crores
Par
ticulars Y ear ended  
March 31, 2026
Y ear ended  
March 31, 2025
Advertisement  9.18  0.46 
Electricity charges (net of recoveries)  4.32  4.93 
Rent  1.43  1.49 
Repairs and maintenance - others  1.30  0.81 
Insurance  0.79  0.67 
Rates and taxes  0.34  0.24 
Travelling and conveyance  6.11  4.89 
Printing and stationery  0.28  0.27 
Business promotion  9.22  1.51 
CSR related expenses (refer note 40)  4.83  2.12 
Legal and professional charges  20.27  10.23 
Sponsorships and seminar expenses  4.13  1.09 
Membership fees and subscriptions  1.40  0.79 
Security service charges  1.52  1.43 
Provision for doubtful other receivables  5.37  - 
Payment to the auditors
- For audit  0.19  0.17 
- For taxation matters  -  - 
- For other services  -  - 
- Reimbursement of out of pocket expenses  0.01  0.01 
 0.20  0.18 
Net loss on foreign currency transactions and translations  0.28  0.22 
Directors sitting fees  4.06  3.88 
Oﬃce expenses  4.71  2.92 
Provision for anticipated claims  -  - 
Miscellaneous expenses  3.61  4.96 
Total  83.35  43.09 
31. CONTINGENT LIABILITIES AND COMMITMENTS /parenleft.capTO THE EXTENT NOT PROVIDED FOR/parenright.cap
` in crores
Par
ticulars As at  
March 31, 2026
As at  
March 31, 2025
Contingent liabilities:
Claims against the Company not acknowledged as debts:
-  Income tax demands against which the Company is in appeals  
(including interest upto the date of order) (net of recti/f_ication orders)
 143.31  137.44 
- GST demands (excluding interest)  13.41  6.28 
- Others: Legal & regulatory matters  45.79  0.11 
Capital commitments:
The estimated amount of capital contracts remaining to be executed and not 
provided for (net of advances) 
 70.90  18.73 
233
Notes Forming Part of the Standalone Financial Statements (Contd.)
  The Company is subject to tax assessments and ongoing proceedings, which are pending before various Tax Appellate Authorities. 
Managemen
t periodically evaluates the positions taken in tax returns with respect to such matters, including unresolved tax 
disputes, which involves interpretation of applicable tax regulations and judicial precedents. Current tax liability and tax asset 
balances are presented, after recognizing as appropriate, provision for taxes payable and contingencies basis management’s 
assessment of outcome of such ongoing proceedings and amounts that may become payable to the tax authorities. Considering 
the nature of such estimates and uncertainties involved, the amount of such provisions may change upon /f_inal resolution of the 
matters with tax authorities.
  In addition to the matters as speci/f_ied in contingent liabilities above, the Company is subject to legal proceedings and claims, 
which have arisen in the ordinary course of business, the impact of which is unascertainable. The Company’s management 
does not expect that the legal actions, when ultimately concluded and determined, will have adverse eﬀect on the Company’s 
/f_inancial statements.
  The Company received various correspondences from regulator on matters relating to operations, technology, etc. of the 
Company, including inspections from regulator which have been replied to by the Company. The Company’s management do 
not expect any material impact on the /f_inancial statements of the Company, except for the amount disclosed above.
32. TAXATION
 The major component of tax expenses for the year are as under:
` in crores
Par
ticulars  Y ear ended 
 March 31, 2026  March 31, 2025 
Current income tax  332.93  119.46 
Short provision for tax relating to previous years  0.58  5.76 
Deferred tax  11.90  14.05 
Total income tax expense  345.41  139.27 
 Reconciliation of tax expenses: 
` in crores (except as otherwise stated)
Par
ticulars  Y ear ended 
 March 31, 2026  March 31, 2025 
Reconciliation:
Pro/f_it before tax  1,374.45  554.05 
Applicable tax rate 25.17% 25.17%
Computed expected tax expense  345.95  139.45 
Income taxed at diﬀerent rate  (3.25)  (0.73)
Non deductible expenditure  1.58  1.30 
FVTPL adjustment pertains to investments  (0.68)  (6.67)
Others  (10.67)  (13.89)
Short provision for tax relating to previous years  0.58  5.76 
Income tax expense as per the Statement of Pro/f_it and Loss  333.51  125.22 
 Note:
 The applicable Indian statutory income tax rate for year ended March 31, 2026 is 25.17% (March 31, 2025: 25.17%.)

--- page 134 ---
234
Financial S
tatements
MCX Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
Notes Forming Part of the Standalone Financial Statements (Contd.)
 Def
erred tax relates to the following:
` in crores
Par
ticulars  Balance Sheet 
As at 
March 31, 2026
As at 
March 31, 2025
Expenses allowable on payment basis  4.30  6.89 
Other items giving rise to temporary diﬀerences (including impact on fair value 
of investments)
 (3.50)  (0.33)
Diﬀerence between WDV of property, plant and equipment as per books of 
accounts & income tax
 (39.57)  (31.29)
Diﬀerence between WDV of right of use assets as per books of accounts & income 
tax
 (1.13)  (0.21)
Lease liability  1.20  0.25 
Deferred tax liabilities  (38.70)  (24.69)
 Reconciliation of deferred tax liabilities (net):
` in crores
Par
ticulars As at  
March 31, 2026
As at  
March 31, 2025
Opening deferred tax liabilities  (24.69)  (9.80)
Tax income/(expense) during the year recognized in pro/f_it & loss account  (11.90)  (14.05)
Diﬀerences on other comprehensive income  (2.11)  (0.84)
Closing deferred tax liabilities  (38.70)  (24.69)
33. SEGMENT  REPORTING
  IND AS 108 establishes standards for the way that Companies report information about operating segments and related 
disclosures about pr
oducts and services, and geographical areas. Based on the risks and returns identi/f_ied, organizational 
structure and the internal /f_inancial reporting system, the business segment is the primary segment for the Company and 
accordingly “business of facilitating trading in commodities and incidental activities thereto” is considered as the only primary 
reportable business segment. Further, since the Company renders services only in the domestic market in India and there is no 
geographical segment.
34. FOREIGN  CURRENCY TRANSACTIONS
` in crores
Par
ticulars  Y ear ended 
 March 31, 2026  March 31, 2025 
Expenditure in foreign currency
- License fees  123.17  76.21 
- Membership fees and subscriptions  0.51  0.96 
- Professional charges  0.06  - 
- Foreign travelling  -  0.03 
- Computer technology and communication expenses  0.38  0.15 
- Software license fees expenses  0.61  0.61 
- Sponsorships and seminar expenses  0.23  0.17 
Earnings in foreign exchange
- Consultancy fees  -  0.31 
- Data feed income  10.47  8.53 
235
Notes Forming Part of the Standalone Financial Statements (Contd.)
35. LEASE
  The Company’s leasing arrangements are in respect of operating leases for oﬃce premises. The rent period range between 2 
years t
o 9 years and usually renewable on mutually agreed terms.   
 a. The movement in lease liabilities during the year:
` in crores
Par
ticulars March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Opening balance  1.01  1.66 
Additions during year  4.86  0.14 
Finance costs incurred during the year  0.29  0.17 
Payment of lease liabilities  (1.39)  (0.96)
Closing balance  4.77  1.01 
 b. The carrying value of the right of use asset and depreciation charged during the year: 
` in crores
Par
ticulars March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Opening balance  0.82  1.44 
Additions during year  4.86  0.14 
Depreciation charged during the year  1.21  0.76 
Closing balance  4.47  0.82 
 c. Amounts recognized in statement of pro/f_it and loss:
` in crores
Par
ticulars March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Depreciation on right of use asset  1.21  0.76 
Finance costs incurred during the year  0.29  0.17 
Rent expense  1.43  1.49 
Total amounts recognized in the statement of pro/f_it and loss  2.93  2.42 
 d. Maturity analysis of lease liabilities
` in crores
Par
ticulars March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Maturity analysis of contractual undiscounted cash /f_lows
Less than one year  1.37  0.88 
More than one year  4.72  0.46 
Total undiscounted lease liability  6.09  1.34 
Non-current lease liability  3.83  0.31 
Current lease liability  0.93  0.70 
Total lease liability  4.76  1.01 
 e. Extension and termination options
   Extension and termination options are included in many of the leases. In determining the lease term, the Management 
considers all facts and cir
cumstances that create an economic incentive to exercise an extension option, or not exercise a 
termination option. This assessment is reviewed if a signi/f_icant event or a signi/f_icant change in circumstances occurs which 
aﬀects this assessment and that is within the control of the Company.

--- page 135 ---
236
Financial S
tatements
MCX Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
Notes Forming Part of the Standalone Financial Statements (Contd.)
36. EARNINGS  PER  SHARE
  The following is a reconciliation of the equity shares used in the computation of basic and diluted earnings per equity 
share:
Particulars  Year ended 
 March 31, 2026  March 31, 2025 
Weighted average shares outstanding - basic & diluted  25,49,91,845  25,49,91,845 
Weighted average shares outstanding - basic & diluted  25,49,91,845  25,49,91,845 
  Net pro/f_it available to equity shareholders of the Company used in the basic and diluted earnings per equity share was 
determined as follo
ws:
` in crores, except EPS
Par
ticulars  Y ear ended 
 March 31, 2026  March 31, 2025 
Earnings available to equity shareholders  1,029.04  414.78 
Earnings available for equity shareholders for diluted earnings per share  1,029.04  414.78 
Basic earnings per share  40.36  16.27 
Diluted earnings per share  40.36  16.27 
  Pursuant to the approval of the shareholders at the Annual General Meeting of the Company held on September 12, 2025, each 
Equity share of face value of `10 per share was sub-divided into 5 Equity shares of face value of `2 per share with eﬀect from 
the record date, i.e., January 02, 2026. Consequently, the basic and diluted earnings per share have been recomputed for the 
previous year on the basis of the new number of Equity shares in accordance with Ind AS 33 - Earnings per Share.
  The Company does not have any outstanding dilutive potential equity shares. Consequently, the basic and diluted earning per 
share of the Company remain the same.
37. RELATED PARTY INFORMATION
 Names of related parties and nature of relationship:
Nature of relationship Name of related party
Subsidiary c
ompany Multi Commodity Exchange Clearing Corporation Limited (MCX CCL)
Associate companies Countrywide Commodity Repository Limited (formerly known as CDSL Commodity 
Repository Limited (CCRL))@
India International Bullion Holding IFSC Limited (IIBH)
Key managerial personnel (KMP) Dr. Harsh Kumar Bhanwala (independent Director)
Mr. Ashutosh Vaidya (independent Director)
Mr. Mohan Narayan Shenoi (non independent director)
Mr. Chandra Shekhar Verma (independent Director)
Mr. Arvind Kathpalia (non independent director)
Ms. Sonu Bhasin (independent Director)
Mr. Navrang Saini (independent Director)
Ms. Suparna Tandon, Nominee of NABARD (upto July 19, 2024) (non independent director)$
Ms. Praveena Rai, (w.e.f. October 31, 2024) MD & CEO##
Mr. Chandresh Shah, (CFO Designate w.e.f. April 18, 2024, and CFO w.e.f. May 01, 2024) CFO##
Ms. Manisha Thakur, Company Secretary##
Mr. P .S. Reddy, (upto May 09, 2024) MD & CEO
Mr. Satyajeet Bolar, (upto April 30, 2024) Chief Financial Oﬃcer ##
Others:
Mr. Manoj Jain#
237
Notes Forming Part of the Standalone Financial Statements (Contd.)
Nature of relationship Name of related party
Mr
. Sunil Batra (Chief Technology Oﬃcer- Designate w.e.f. April 28, 2024, and CTO w.e.f.May 
01, 2024)#
Mr. Rajendran Narayanan# (upto April 07, 2025)
Mr. Shailendra Aggarwal# (w.e.f. May 23, 2024)
Mr. Praveen Dalavai Ganapathi#
Mr. Chittaranjan Rege#
Mr. Shivanshu Mehta#
Mr. Rishi Nathany#
Mr. Himanshu Ashar#
Mr. Pravin Gade#
Mr. Radheshyam Yadav#
Mrs. Ruchi Shukla#
Mr. Sambit Patnaik# (upto May 31, 2025)
Ms. Rashmi Nihalani#
Mr. Sougat Ghosh# (w.e.f. March 03, 2025)
Mr. Kaushal Mehta#
Mr. Armaan Gaus#
Mr. Abhishek Govilkar# (upto July 08, 2025)
Mr. Naresh Bhuta# (upto May 31, 2025)
Ms. Kavita Ravichandran# (upto December 09, 2025)
Mr. Mithun Nayak#
Ms. Kirtida Nagda # (w.e.f. September 11, 2025)
Mr. Baiju Budhwani# (w.e.f. September 15, 2025)
Ms. Kavita Shrivastav# (w.e.f. September 15, 2025)
Mr. Ramesh Gurram# (upto September 27, 2024)
Mr. Chirag Aspi Sodawaterwalla# (upto December 24, 2024)
Mr. Harvinder Singh# (upto November 22, 2024)
Mr. Mitesh Thakkar# (w.e.f. November 28, 2024 & upto March 11, 2025)
Mr. Sunny Singh# (w.e.f. February 10, 2026)
KMP’s of subsidiary Mr. Narendra Kumar Ahlawat (upto March 31, 2026)
Mr. Mandar Kulkarni
Mr. Rajesh Agrawal
Mr. Soundararajan Venkatadas
Mr. Praveen Kotian
Mr. Himanshu Raja (upto October 10, 2024)
Mr. Anilkumar Varma
Mr. Arnav Datta
Mr. M Ramalingam
Mr. Mihir Malode
Mr. Fardeen Siddiquee
Mr. Pradip Govind Gurav
Mr. S. Ganesh Kumar (upto February 16, 2026)

--- page 136 ---
238
Financial S
tatements
MCX Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
Notes Forming Part of the Standalone Financial Statements (Contd.)
Nature of relationship Name of related party
Close M ember of KMP
s or 
company in which KMP is 
interested and where transaction 
exists
Mr. Prasad Dalavai Ganapathi 
Ms. Shilpa Gade 
Mr. Nitin Agarwal 
Ms. Zarin Gaus 
Ms. Rashmi Mithun Nayak 
Mr. Manjnath Baburay Nayak 
Ms. Neeta Manjnath Nayak
Others& Kotak Mahindra Bank Limited (as a result of holding more than 10% of equity share capital)
India International Bullion Exchange IFSC Limited (Wholly Owned Subsidiary of India 
International Bullion Holding IFSC Limited)
India International Depository IFSC Limited (Wholly Owned Subsidiary of India International 
Bullion Holding IFSC Limited)
Company in which director is 
interested and where transaction 
exists
 -
Employee welfare trust MCX ESOP Trust
  @  Countywide Commodity Repository Limited is considered as an associate w.e.f. October 26, 2018 being date of appointment 
of MCX nominee Director on it’s board.
 #  Identi/f_ied as KMP’s under SECC Regulations, 2018 by the nomination and remuneration committee.
 ##  Identi/f_ied as KMP’s under Section 2(51) of The Companies Act, 2013.
 $  Directors sitting fees paid to NABARD.
 & Associate and subsidiaries of associate identi/f_ied as per SEBI LODR.
239
Notes Forming Part of the Standalone Financial Statements (Contd.) Transactions with related parties:
 The details of transactions with related parties for the year ended March 31, 2026 are as follows:
` in crores
Particulars March 31, 2026 Total
Subsidiary Associate Others
MCX CCL Countrywide 
Commodity 
Repository 
Limited 
(formerly 
known 
as CDSL 
Commodity 
Repository 
Limited)
India 
International 
Bullion 
Holding 
IFSC Limited 
(IIBH)
Kotak 
Mahindra 
Bank
MCX ESOP 
Trust
KMPs & KMPs 
of subsidiary
Close 
member 
of KMPs or 
company in 
which KMP is 
interested
Transactions
Re-imbursements charged to the Company - - - - - 0.04 - 0.04
Recoveries charged by the Company 0.48 - - - 1.56 - - 2.04
Clearing & settlement fees 256.70 - - - - - - 256.70
Rent income 3.57 - - - - - - 3.57
IT and other infrastructure income 56.70 - - - - - - 56.70
Status report processing charges recovery 0.07 - - - - - - 0.07
Regulatory fees, transactions charges, /f_ines & 
penalties and other collections by MCXCCL on 
behalf of MCX
4,889.53 - - - - - - 4,889.53
Contribution to Settlement Guarantee Fund 
(SGF)
76.66 - - - - - - 76.66
Professional fees for Committee Meeting - - - - - 0.03 - 0.03
Sitting fees paid - - - - - 4.07 - 4.07
Dividend paid # - - - 22.95 0.29 0.04 0.00 23.28
Balances as at March 31, 2026
Outstanding balance receivable/(payable) (25.70) - - - - - - (25.70)
Investments 239.99 12.00 50.00 - - - - 301.99
Rent deposit (0.64) - - - - - - (0.64)
 # /f_igures are below rounding oﬀ norms adopted by the Company.

--- page 137 ---
240
Financial S
tatements
MCX Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
Notes Forming Part of the Standalone Financial Statements (Contd.) The details of transactions with related parties for the year ended March 31, 2025 are as follows:
` in crores
Particulars March 31, 2025 Total
Subsidiary Associate Others
MCX CCL Countrywide 
Commodity 
Repository 
Limited 
(formerly 
known 
as CDSL 
Commodity 
Repository 
Limited)
India 
International 
Bullion 
Holding 
IFSC Limited 
(IIBH)
Kotak 
Mahindra 
Bank
MCX ESOP 
Trust
KMPs & KMPs 
of subsidiary
Close 
member 
of KMPs or 
company in 
which KMP is 
interested
Transactions
Re-imbursements charged to the Company  0.12  -  -  -  -  0.03  -  0.15 
Recoveries charged by the Company  0.07  -  -  -  0.05  -  -  0.12 
Clearing & settlement fees  120.23  -  -  -  -  -  -  120.23 
Rent income  3.10  -  -  -  -  -  -  3.10 
IT and other infrastructure income  47.36  -  -  -  -  -  -  47.36 
Status report processing charges recovery  0.07  -  -  -  -  -  -  0.07 
Regulatory fees, transactions charges, /f_ines & 
penalties and other collections by MCXCCL on 
behalf of MCX
 2,236.95  -  -  -  -  -  -  2,236.95 
Contribution to Settlement Guarantee Fund 
(SGF)
 35.43  -  -  -  -  -  -  35.43 
Professional fees for Committee Meeting  -  -  -  -  -  0.06  -  0.06 
Deferred Variable payment  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  - 
Sitting fees paid  -  -  -  -  -  3.95  -  3.95 
Dividend paid#  -  -  -  5.84  0.07  0.01  0.00  5.92 
Investments in:
Equity share capital (face value `1)  -  -  20.00  -  -  -  -  20.00 
Balances as at March 31, 2025
Outstanding balance receivable/(payable)  (2.78)  -  -  -  0.02  -  -  (2.76)
Investments  239.99  12.00  50.00  -  -  -  -  301.99 
Rent deposit  (0.64)  -  -  -  -  -  -  (0.64)
 # /f_igures are below rounding oﬀ norms adopted by the Company.
241
Notes Forming Part of the Standalone Financial Statements (Contd.)
 Terms and conditions of transactions with related parties
  
The services provided to and received from related parties are made on terms equivalent to those that prevail in arm’s length 
transactions. Outstanding balances at the year end are unsecured, interest free and will be settled in cash. There have been no 
guarantees received or provided for any related party receivables or payable.
 Compensation of key managerial personnel of the Company
` in crores
Par
ticulars  Y ear ended 
 March 31, 2026  March 31, 2025 
Short-term employment bene/f_its  26.40  20.48 
Post-employment bene/f_its  1.77  1.48 
 Transactions with key managerial personnel:
` in crores
Par
ticulars  Y ear ended 
 March 31, 2026  March 31, 2025 
1. Salary and allowances paid/payable*:
 Mr. P .S. Reddy (upto May 09, 2024)  -  0.34 
 Ms. Praveena Rai (w.e.f. October 31, 2024)  3.97  1.52 
 Ms. Manisha Thakur  0.78  0.61 
 Mr. Satyajeet Bolar (upto April 30, 2024)  -  0.21 
  Mr. Chandresh Shah (CFO Designate w.e.f. April 18, 2024, and CFO w.e.f. May 
01, 2024)
 1.27  0.96 
 Others  21.57  18.33 
2. Dividend paid  0.04  0.01 
  * Excludes gratuity and long term compensated absences, if any, which are actuarially valued at company level and where 
separate amounts are not identi/f_iable.
 Notes:
 1. There are no amounts written oﬀ or written back during the year in respect of debts due from or to related parties.
 2.  KMPs as on the respective dates are considered and amount paid to ex-employee who were erstwhile KMP’s are not 
included above.
 3. 50% of variable pay is payable after 3 years subject to certain conditions.
38. EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS:
1. a. Post employment de/f_ined bene/f_it plans:
  
The Company makes annual contributions to the employee’s group gratuity assurance scheme administered by the Life 
Insuranc
e Corporation of India (‘LIC’), a funded de/f_ined bene/f_it plan for qualifying employees. The scheme provides for lump 
sum payment to vested employees on retirement, death while in employment or on termination of employment of an amount 
equivalent to /f_ifteen days salary payable for each completed year of service or part thereof in excess of six months. Vesting 
occurs on completion of /f_ive years of service.

--- page 138 ---
242
Financial S
tatements
MCX Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
Notes Forming Part of the Standalone Financial Statements (Contd.)
  
The following tables set out the funded status of the gratuity plans and the amounts recognized in the Company’s /f_inancial 
statemen
ts as at March 31, 2026 and March 31, 2025.
` in crores
Par
ticulars Y ear ended 
 March 31, 2026  March 31, 2025 
Change in bene/f_it obligations
Present value of bene/f_it obligation at the beginning of the year  16.40  13.48 
Interest cost  1.13  0.97 
Current service cost  2.06  1.56 
Liability transferred in/acquisitions  0.07  - 
Bene/f_its paid from the fund  (0.67)  (0.58)
Actuarial (gains)/losses on obligations - due to change in /f_inanancial assumptions  (1.26)  0.66 
Actuarial (gains)/losses on obligations - due to experience  1.43  0.31 
Present value of bene/f_it obligations at the end of the year  19.16  16.40 
Change in plan assets
Fair value of plan assets at the beginning of the year  14.68  14.16 
Interest income  1.01  1.02 
Liability transferred in/acquisitions  0.07  - 
Return on plan assets excluding interest income  0.05  (0.11)
Contributions by the employer  1.11  0.19 
Bene/f_its paid from the fund  (0.67)  (0.58)
Fair value of plan assets at the end of the year  16.25  14.68 
Net liability recognized in the Balance Sheet  (2.91)  (1.72)
 Amount for the year ended March 31, 2026 and March 31, 2025 recognized under employee bene/f_its expenses.
` in crores
Reco
gnized in Pro/f_it and Loss Y ear ended 
March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Current service cost  2.06  1.56 
Net interest cost  0.12  (0.05)
Expenses recognized  2.18  1.51 
 Amount for the year ended March 31, 2026 and March 31, 2025 recognized in statement of other comprehensive income (OCI):
` in crores
Reco
gnized in other comprehensive income (OCI) Y ear ended 
March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Actuarial losses on obligation for the year  0.18  0.97 
(Return)/loss on plan assets excluding amounts included in the net interest on 
the net de/f_ined bene/f_it liability/(asset)
 (0.05)  0.11 
Net expense for the year recognized in OCI  0.13  1.08 
243
Notes Forming Part of the Standalone Financial Statements (Contd.)
  The weighted-average assumptions used to determine bene/f_it obligations as at March 31, 2026 and March 31, 2025 are set out 
below
:
` in crores
Weigh
ted average actuarial assumptions As at  
March 31, 2026
As at  
March 31, 2025
Discount rate 7.48% 6.81%
Weighted average rate of increase in compensation levels 7.50% 7.50%
Weighted average duration of de/f_ined projected bene/f_it obligation 12 12
` in crores
Sensitivit
y analysis As at  
March 31, 2026
As at  
March 31, 2025
Projected bene/f_it obligation on current assumptions  19.09  16.41 
Delta eﬀect of +1% change in rate of discounting  (1.67)  (1.54)
Delta eﬀect of -1% change in rate of discounting  1.92  1.78 
Delta eﬀect of +1% change in rate of salary increase  1.90  1.75 
Delta eﬀect of -1% change in rate of salary increase  (1.69)  (1.55)
Delta eﬀect of +1% change in rate of employee turnover  (0.06)  (0.13)
Delta eﬀect of -1% change in rate of employee turnover  0.07  0.14 
 Additional details:
 Methodology adopted for valuation is projected unit credit method.
  S
ensitivity analysis is an analysis which will give the movement in liability if the assumptions were not proved to be true on 
diﬀerent count. This only signi/f_ies the change in the liability if the diﬀerence between assumed and the actual is not following 
the parameters of the sensitivity analysis.
 Since investment is with insurance company, assets are considered to be secured.
  Assumptions regarding future mortality experience are set in accordance with the Indian Assured Lives Mortality (2012-14) Urban.
  Expected rate of return on plan assets is based on expectation of the average long term rate of return expected to prevail over the 
estimated term of the obligation on the type of the investments assumed to be held by LIC, since the fund is managed by LIC.
  The estimates of future salary increases, considered in actuarial valuation, takes into account of in/f_lation, seniority, promotions 
and other relevant factors, such as supply and demand in the employment market.
 The Company expects to contribute `4.21 crores to the plan assets during /f_inancial year 2026-27.
  Actuarial gains/losses are recognized in the period of occurrence under other comprehensive income (OCI). All above reported 
/f_igures of OCI are gross of taxation.
 Maturity pro/f_ile of projected bene/f_it obligation: 
` in crores
Pr
ojected bene/f_its payable in future years from the date of reporting March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Within 1 year  0.55  0.47 
1-2 year  0.59  0.51 
2-3 year  0.53  0.50 
3-4 year  1.47  0.45 
4-5 year  1.11  1.27 
5-10 years  10.29  7.48 
11 years and above  29.50  25.80 

--- page 139 ---
244
Financial S
tatements
MCX Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
Notes Forming Part of the Standalone Financial Statements (Contd.)
1. b
. De/f_ined contribution plans:
  Amounts recognized as expenses towards contributions to provident and family pension fund, employee state insurance 
corpor
ation and other funds by the Company are `4.37 crores (previous year `3.78 crores). (refer note 25)
` in crores
Par
ticulars  Y ear ended 
March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Contribution to provident and family pension fund  4.34  3.75 
Contribution to labor welfare fund #  0.00  0.00 
Contribution to employees deposit linked insurance (EDLI)  0.03  0.03 
 # /f_igures are below rounding oﬀ norms adopted by the Company.
2. Other long term employee bene/f_its:
 P
rivilege leave and sick leave assumptions
  T
he liability towards compensated absences (privilege leave and sick leave) for the year ended March 31, 2026 is based on 
acturial valuation carrried out by using projected accrual bene/f_it method which resulted in increase in liability by `0.88 crores 
(March 31, 2025: increase by `0.43 crores).
 a. Financial assumptions
` in crores
Par
ticulars As at  
March 31, 2026
As at  
March 31, 2025
Discount rate 7.48% p.a. 6.81% p.a.
Salary escalation rate 7.50% p.a. 7.50% p.a.
 b. Demographic assumptions
` in crores
Par
ticulars As at  
March 31, 2026
As at  
March 31, 2025
Employee turnover
For service 4 years and below 10.00% p.a. 10.00% p.a.
For service 5 years and above 2.00% p.a. 2.00% p.a.
Mortality rate Indian Assured Lives 
Mortality (2012-14) 
Urban
Indian Assured Lives 
Mortality (2012-14) 
Urban
39. FINANCIAL  INSTR UMENTS
a. Financial instruments by category
  
The fair values of the /f_inancial assets and liabilities are included at the amount at which the instrument could be exchanged in a 
curren
t transaction between willing parties, other than in a forced or liquidation sale.
 The following methods and assumptions were used to estimate the fair values:
 1.  Fair value of cash and short-term deposits, trade and other short term receivables, trade payables, other current liabilities 
and other /f_inancial institutions approximate their carrying amounts largely due to the short-term maturities of these 
instruments.
 2.  Financial instruments with /f_ixed and variable interest rates are evaluated by the Company based on parameters such 
as interest rates and individual credit worthiness of the counterparty. Based on this evaluation, allowances are taken to 
account for the expected losses of these receivables. Accordingly, fair value of such instruments is not materially diﬀerent 
from their carrying amounts.
245
Notes Forming Part of the Standalone Financial Statements (Contd.)
  The carrying value and fair value of /f_inancial instruments by categories as at March 31, 2026 were as follows:
` in crores
Par
ticulars As at March 31, 2026 As at March 31, 2025
Carrying 
value
Fair  
value
Carrying 
value
Fair  
value
Financial assets at amortized cost:
Cash and cash equivalents (refer note 10)  0.37  0.37  0.98  0.98 
Bank balances other than cash and cash equivalents (refer note 11)  22.76  22.76  43.80  43.80 
Bank deposits with original maturity of more than twelve months 
(refer note 5)
 92.07  92.07  71.47  71.47 
Unbilled revenue (refer note 12)  34.85  34.85  13.34  13.34 
Trade receivables (refer note 9)  17.78  17.78  8.19  8.19 
Other /f_inancial assets (refer note 5 & 12)  74.58  74.58  54.66  54.66 
Investment in PSU bank bonds (refer note 4 & 8)  339.19  339.19  270.61  270.61 
Investment in PSU bonds (refer note 4)  200.82  200.82  99.76  99.76 
Investment in state development loan (refer note 4)  619.32  619.32  261.11  261.11 
Investment in G-sec STRIPS (refer note 4)  234.05  234.05  -  - 
Investment in target maturity funds (refer note 4)  215.37  215.37  202.40  202.40 
Investments in unquoted equity shares of subsidiary (refer note 4)  239.99  239.99  239.99  239.99 
Investment in unquoted equity shares of associates (refer note 4)  62.00  62.00  62.00  62.00 
Financial liabilities at amortized cost:
Trade payables (refer note 18)  192.00  192.00  73.26  73.26 
Other /f_inancial liabilities (refer note 16, 19 & 35)  177.17  177.17  133.75  133.75 
Financial assets at FVTPL:
Mutual funds (refer note 8)  1,042.57  1,042.57  433.07  433.07 
Exchange traded funds (refer note 8)  -  -  42.58  42.58 
Financial assets at FVTOCI:
Investments in unquoted equity shares of other entities (refer 
note 8)
 32.18  32.18  17.25  17.25 
  Notes:-
  1.  Investment in equity instrument are not held for trading. The Company has chosen to measure these at FVTOCI 
irrevocably as the management believes that presently fair value gains and/or losses relating to these investments in 
the Statement of Pro/f_it and Loss may not be indicative of the performance of the Company.
  2. The fair value of mutual funds is based on quoted price.
  3. The fair value of unlisted equity shares is based on the valuation provided by the certi/f_ied valuer on half yearly basis.
 b. Fair value measurement
  
 The following table presents fair value hierarchy of assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis:
Particulars As a t  
March 31, 2026
As at  
March 31, 2025
Level Hierarchy for determining and disclosing the fair value 
of /f_inancial instruments by valuation technique:
Financial assets
Investments in 
mutual funds 
(FVTPL)
 1,042.57  433.07 1 & 2 1.  Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for 
identical assets or liabilities.
2.  Valuation techniques for which the lowest level input 
that is signi/f_icant to the fair value measurement is 
directly or indirectly observable.

--- page 140 ---
246
Financial S
tatements
MCX Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
Notes Forming Part of the Standalone Financial Statements (Contd.)
Particulars As a t  
March 31, 2026
As at  
March 31, 2025
Level Hierarchy for determining and disclosing the fair value 
of /f_inancial instruments by valuation technique:
Investments 
in equity 
instruments 
(FVTOCI)*
 32.18  17.25 3 Inputs for the assets or liabilities that are not based on 
observable market data (unobservable inputs).
Investments in 
ETF (FVTPL)
 -  42.58 1 Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical 
assets or liabilities.
   *The carrying amount of /f_inancial asset measured at FVTOCI in the /f_inancial statements are a reasonable approximation of 
their fair values since the Company does not anticipate that the carrying amounts would be signi/f_icantly diﬀerent from the 
values that would eventually be received or settled.
 c. Financial risk management
  
i. Financial risk factors
    The Company’s activities expose it to a variety of /f_inancial risks: market risk, credit risk and liquidity risk. The Company’s 
focus is t o f
oresee the unpredictability of /f_inancial markets and seek to minimize potential adverse eﬀects on its 
/f_inancial performance.
    The Company’s /f_inancial risk management is an integral part of how to plan and execute its business strategies. The 
Company’s /f_inancial risk management policy is set by the Company’s management.
  ii. Market risk
    Market risk is the risk of loss of future earnings, fair values or future cash /f_lows that may result from a change in the 
price of a /f_inancial instrumen
t. The value of a /f_inancial instrument may change as a result of changes in the interest 
rates, foreign currency exchange rates, equity prices and other market changes that aﬀect market risk sensitive 
instruments. Market risk is attributable to all market risk sensitive /f_inancial instruments including investments and 
deposits, foreign currency receivables, payables.
  iii. Interest rate risk
  
  Interest rate risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash /f_lows of a /f_inancial instrument will /f_luctuate because of 
changes in market int
erest rates. Since the Company has no borrowings, exposure to risk of change in market interest 
rate is nil.
  iv. Foreign currency risk
  
  The Company periodically transacts internationally and few of the transactions are conducted in diﬀerent currencies. 
As the volume of the tr
ansactions are few, the Company has not entered in foreign exchange forward exchange 
contracts.
    The year-end foreign currency exposures that have not been hedged by a derivative instrument or otherwise are 
given below:
Particulars As a t March 31, 2026 As at March 31, 2025
` in crores Amount 
in foreign 
currency
` in crores Amount 
in foreign 
currency
Trade receivables
In USD  0.12  13,143  0.32  37,543 
Trade Payables
In USD  -  -  0.05  5,860 
247
Notes Forming Part of the Standalone Financial Statements (Contd.)
  v. Sensitivity analysis
   A change of 5% in foreign currency would have following impact on pro/f_it before tax
Particulars FY 2025-26 FY 2024-25
5%  
I
ncrease
5% 
decrease
5%  
Increase
5% 
decrease
Trade receivables
USD  0.01  (0.01)  0.02  (0.02)
Trade Payables
USD #  -  -  0.00  (0.00)
   #  /f_igures are below rounding oﬀ norms adopted by the Company.
  vi. Derivative /f_inancial instruments
  
  The Company has not entered into any forward exchange contract being derivative instruments.
  vii. Credit risk
    Credit risk refers to the risk of default on its obligation by the counterparty resulting in a /f_inancial loss. To manage this, 
the Company per
iodically assesses /f_inancial reliability of customers and other counter parties, taking into account 
the /f_inancial condition, current economic trends, and analysis of historical bad debts and ageing of /f_inancial assets. 
Individual risk limits are set and periodical reviewed on the basis of such information. The maximum exposure to the 
credit risk at the reporting date is primarily from trade receivables amounting to `17.78 crores and `8.19 crores as 
at March 31, 2026 and March 31, 2025 respectively, unbilled revenue amounting to `34.85 crores and `13.34 crores 
as at March 31, 2026 and March 31, 2025 respectively, non-current investments amounting to `1,810.95 crores and 
`1,115.82 crores as at March 31, 2026 and March 31, 2025 respectively, current investments amounting to `1,174.54 
crores and `512.95 crores as at March 31, 2026 and March 31, 2025 respectively, other non-current /f_inancial assets 
amounting to `107.45 crores and `82.65 crores as at March 31, 2026 and March 31, 2025 respectively, cash and cash 
equivalents amounting to `0.37 crores and `0.98 crores as at March 31, 2026 and March 31, 2025 respectively and 
Bank balances other than cash and cash equivalents amounting to `22.76 crores and `43.80 crores as at March 31, 
2026 and March 31, 2025 respectively.
    Where receivables have been written oﬀ, the Company continues to engage in enforcement activity to attempt to 
recover the receivable due. Where recoveries are made, these are recognized as income in the Statement of Pro/f_it and 
Loss.
    The Company measures the expected credit loss of trade receivables from individual customers based on historical 
trend, industry practices and the business environment in which the entity operates. Loss rates are based on actual 
credit loss experience and past trends. Based on the historical data, loss on collection of receivable is not material 
hence no additional provision considered.
    Investment in mutual fund, target maturity funds, ETF, state development loans, central government securities and 
bonds is with /f_inancial institutions with credit rating assigned by credit rating agencies.
   Ageing of account receivables
` in crores
Par
ticulars As at  
March 31, 2026
As at  
March 31, 2025
Trade receivables
< 1 Year  17.75  8.30 
1 - 5 Year  0.21  0.07 
> 5 Year  -  - 
Total  17.96  8.37 

--- page 141 ---
248
Financial S
tatements
MCX Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
Notes Forming Part of the Standalone Financial Statements (Contd.)
  
 Movement in provisions of doubtful trade receivables
` in crores
Par
ticulars As at  
March 31, 2026
As at  
March 31, 2025
Opening provision  0.18  0.18 
Add: Additional provision made  -  - 
Less: Bad trade receivable written oﬀ  -  - 
Closing provision  0.18  0.18 
  viii. Financial arrangements
    The table below provides details regarding the contractual maturities of signi/f_icant /f_inancial assets and /f_inancial 
liabilities as at Mar
ch 31, 2026 and March 31, 2025:
Particulars FY 2025-26 FY 2024-25
Carr
ying 
value
Fair  
value
Carrying 
value
Fair  
value
Financial assets:
Cash and cash equivalents (refer note 10)
< 1 Year  0.37  0.37  0.98  0.98 
1 - 5 Years  -  -  -  - 
> 5 Years  -  -  -  - 
 0.37  0.37  0.98  0.98 
Bank balances other than cash and cash equivalents  
(refer note 11)
< 1 Year  22.76  22.76  43.80  43.80 
1 - 5 Years  -  -  -  - 
> 5 Years  -  -  -  - 
 22.76  22.76  43.80  43.80 
Trade receivables (refer note 9)
< 1 Year  17.75  17.75  8.30  8.30 
1 - 5 Years  0.21  0.21  0.07  0.07 
> 5 Years  -  -  -  - 
 17.96  17.96  8.37  8.37 
Other /f_inancial assets (refer note 5 & 12) 
< 1 Year  94.05  94.05  58.47  58.47 
1 - 5 Years  98.51  98.51  71.32  71.32 
> 5 Years  8.94  8.94  9.68  9.68 
 201.50  201.50  139.47  139.47 
Investments* (refer note 4 & 8)
< 1 Year  1,174.54  1,174.54  512.95  512.95 
1 - 5 Years  369.32  369.32  363.72  363.72 
> 5 Years  1,139.64  1,139.64  450.10  450.10 
 2,683.50  2,683.50  1,326.77  1,326.77 
249
Notes Forming Part of the Standalone Financial Statements (Contd.)
Particulars FY 2025-26 FY 2024-25
Carr
ying 
value
Fair  
value
Carrying 
value
Fair  
value
Financial liabilities:
Trade payables (refer note 18)
< 1 Year  192.00  192.00  73.26  73.26 
1 - 5 Years  -  -  -  - 
> 5 Years  -  -  -  - 
 192.00  192.00  73.26  73.26 
Other /f_inancial liabilities (refer note 16, 19 & 35)
< 1 Year  107.60  107.60  76.59  76.59 
1 - 5 Years  69.57  69.57  56.16  56.16 
> 5 Years  -  -  -  - 
 177.17  177.17  132.75  132.75 
*Investment does not include investment in equity investment of subsidiary and associates.
  ix. Capital risk management
  
  The Company aim to manages its capital eﬃciently so as to safeguard its ability to continue as a going concern and to 
optimize retur
ns to our shareholders. The capital structure of the Company is based on management’s judgement of 
the appropriate balance of key elements in order to meet its strategic and day-to-day needs.
    The Company’s policy is to maintain a stable and strong capital structure with a focus on total equity so as to maintain 
investor, creditors and market con/f_idence and to sustain future development and growth of its business. The Company 
will take appropriate steps in order to maintain, or if necessary adjust, its capital structure.
  x. Regulatory risk
    The Company requires a number of regulatory approvals, licenses, registrations and permissions to operate our 
business For example
, the Company have licenses from SEBI in relation to, among others, introducing derivatives 
contracts on various commodities. The Company’s operations are subject to continued review and the governing 
regulations changes. The Company’s regulatory team constantly monitors the compliance with these rules and 
regulations. The Company’s regulatory team keeps a track regarding the amendments in SEBI circulars/regulations 
pertaining to the functioning of the Company.
40. CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY
  As per Section 135 of the companies Act 2013, a Company, meeting the applicability threshold, needs to spend at least 2% 
of its a v
erage net pro/f_it for the immediately preceding three /f_inancial years on corporate social responsibility (CSR) activities. 
The CSR activities of the Company are generally carried out through charitable organizations, where funds are allocated by the 
Company. These organizations carry out the CSR activities as speci/f_ied in the schedule VII of the companies Act, 2013 on behalf 
of the Company.
` in crores
Par
ticulars Y ear ended  
March 31, 2026
Y ear ended  
March 31, 2025
Gross amount required to be spent by the Company during 
the year.
 4.83  2.12 
Amount spent during the year on:
(i) Construction/acquisition of any asset  - 
(ii) On purposes other than (i) above  3.90  1.56 
The amount of shortfall at the end of the year out of the 
amount required to be spent by the Company during the year
 0.93  0.57 

--- page 142 ---
250
Financial S
tatements
MCX Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
Notes Forming Part of the Standalone Financial Statements (Contd.)
` in crores
Par
ticulars Y ear ended  
March 31, 2026
Y ear ended  
March 31, 2025
The total of previous years’ shortfall amounts  -  - 
Amount sanctioned and provision made in books as per 
noti/f_ication issued by The Ministry of Corporate Aﬀairs dated 
January 22, 2021, amending the Companies (Corporate Social 
Responsibility Policy) Rules, 2014.
 4.83  2.12 
Reason for shortfall Pertain to ongoing projects Pertain to ongoing projects
Nature of CSR activities 1.  Promotion of skill 
development among 
youth for employment 
gain.
2.  Integrated Development 
Project (IDP) support
3.  Upgrade the school 
into a model school 
and procure of student 
centric materials for 
holistic development of 
underprivileged students 
by promoting Education. 
4.  Promotion of health 
through the procurement 
of surgical materials and 
supporting for patient 
and community centric 
healthcare program, 
and a customized 
mobile eye care van to 
serve underprivileged 
communities.
5.  Promotion of Sports 
for athletes training, 
preparing for the 
Olympics and Paralympics 
2028, especially in 
shooting
Promotion of green energy 
and installation of solar lights, 
Safe drinking water, Sport 
promotion and Promotion of 
Education
Unspent CSR amount is being transferred to a separate bank account.
41. CONTRIBUTION TO CORE SETTLEMENT GUARANTEE FUND /parenleft.capSGF/parenright.cap:
  In accordance with Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI) Circular dated August 27, 2014, the Exchange during the year 
ended Mar
ch 31, 2026, has contributed `104.55 crores (March 31, 2025: `48.09 crores) to the Settlement Guarantee Fund (SGF) 
maintained by MCXCCL.
251
Notes Forming Part of the Standalone Financial Statements (Contd.)
42. Disclosure under the M icro, Small and Medium Enterprises Development Act, 2006 are provided as under for the year 2025-26, 
to the ex
tent the Company has received intimation from the “Suppliers” regarding their status under the Act.
` in crores
Par
ticulars As at  
March 31, 2026
As at  
March 31, 2025
i.  Principal amount and the interest due thereon remaining unpaid to each 
supplier at the end of each accounting year (but within due date as per the 
MSMED Act).
 - Principal amount due to micro and small enterprise.  3.18  0.75 
 - Interest due on above.  -  - 
ii.  Interest paid by the Company in terms of section 16 of the Micro, Small and 
Medium Enterprises Development Act, 2006, along-with the amount of 
the payment made to the supplier beyond the appointed day during the 
period.
 -  - 
iii.  Interest due and payable for the period of delay in making payment 
(which have been paid but beyond the appointed day during the period) 
but without adding interest speci/f_ied under the Micro, Small and Medium 
Enterprises Development Act, 2006.
 -  - 
iv.  The amount of interest accrued and remaining unpaid at the end of each 
accounting year.
 -  - 
v.  Interest remaining due and payable even in the succeeding years, until 
such date when the interest dues as above are actually paid to the small 
enterprises.
 -  - 
  Dues to micro and small enterprises have been determined to the extent such parties have been identi/f_ied on the basis of 
information collected by the management. This has been relied upon by the auditors.
43. A. Disclosur e as per Regulation 53(f) of SEBI (Listing Obligation and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations:
  Loans and advances in the nature of loans given to subsidiaries, associates and others and investments in shares of the Company 
by such parties:
 
i. Details of investments made are given in note 4 & 8.
 ii.  There are no loans or guarantees issued in accordance with section 186 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with rules issued 
thereunder.
 B. Disclosure as per Section 186 of the Companies Act, 2013
  
 The details of loans, guarantees and investments under section 186 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with the Companies 
(Meeting of Boar
d and its Powers) Rules, 2014 are as follows:
  i. Details of investments made are given in note 4 & 8.
  ii.  There are no loans or guarantees issued in accordance with section 186 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with rules 
issued thereunder.
44. EVENTS OCCURING AFTER BALANCE SHEET DATE
  The Board of Directors in their meeting held on May 08, 2026 have approved a payment of /f_inal dividend of ` 8.00 per equit y 
share of the face value of `2 each, subject to the approval of equity shareholders in ensuing annual general meeting of the 
Company, once approved, this would result in a cash out/f_low of `203.99 crores.

--- page 143 ---
252
Financial S
tatements
MCX Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
Notes Forming Part of the Standalone Financial Statements (Contd.)
45. ADDITIONAL  REGUL ATORY INFORMATION REQUIRED BY SCHEDULE III
a. Financial ratio disclosure
Ratio Numerator Denominator March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025 % variance Reason for variance
Cur
rent ratio 
(in times)
Current 
assets
Current 
liabilities
1.71 2.33 (26.61%) There is an increase in 
current assets due to higher 
cash surplus, along with an 
increase in current liabilities 
on account of higher CTT and 
year-end provisions.
Return on 
equity ratio 
(in %)
Net pro/f_it for 
the year
Average 
shareholder’s 
equity
43.39% 23.88% 81.70% Due to increase in total 
revenue and the PAT in the 
current /f_inancial year has 
increased.
Trade 
receivables 
turnover ratio
Revenue 
from 
operations
Average trade 
receivables
164.25 32.59 403.99% Due to increase in revenue 
from operations during the 
current /f_inancial year.
Trade 
payables 
turnover ratio
Other 
expenses
Average trade 
payable
5.16 5.78 (10.73%)
Net capital 
turnover ratio
Revenue 
from 
operations
Working 
capital 
(Current 
assets - 
Current 
liabilities)
3.74 2.62 42.75% Due to increase in revenue 
from operations during the 
current /f_inancial year.
Net pro/f_it 
ratio (in %)
Net pro/f_it for 
the year
Total income 45.10% 37.46% 20.40%
Return 
on capital 
employed 
(in %)
Pro/f_it before 
tax and 
/f_inance costs
Capital 
employed 
(Networth + 
Deferred tax 
liabilities/
(asset))
48.15% 28.39% 69.60% High PBT in the current 
/f_inancial year is on account 
of increase in revenue from 
operations.
Return on 
investment 
(in %)
Income 
generated 
from treasury 
investments
Average 
invested 
funds in 
treasury 
investments
6.73% 7.70% (12.60%)
b. Relation with struck oﬀ Companies
 ` in crores 
Name of Str
uck oﬀ Company Nature of 
Transactions with 
Struck oﬀ Company
Balance 
outstanding as at 
March 31, 2026
Balance 
outstanding as at 
March 31, 2025
Relationship with the 
Struck oﬀ company, if 
any, to be disclosed
A.J. Commodities Private Limited Trade Receivable  (0.12)  (0.12) Member
Chaitanya Commodities Private 
Limited
Trade Receivable  (0.12)  (0.11) Member
Blue Chip Commodities Broking 
Private Limited #
Trade Receivable  0.00  0.00 Member
Skyline Tradecom Private Limited # Trade Receivable  (0.00)  (0.00) Member
253
Notes Forming Part of the Standalone Financial Statements (Contd.)
 ` in crores 
Name of Str
uck oﬀ Company Nature of 
Transactions with 
Struck oﬀ Company
Balance 
outstanding as at 
March 31, 2026
Balance 
outstanding as at 
March 31, 2025
Relationship with the 
Struck oﬀ company, if 
any, to be disclosed
Aadya Commodities Private 
Limited
Trade Receivable  0.52  0.52 Member
Orion Broking Services (India) 
Private Limited
Trade Receivable  (0.01)  (0.01) Member
Dreams Comtrade Private  
Limited #
Trade Receivable  (0.00)  (0.00) Member
F6 Commodities Private Limited Trade Receivable  -  (1.14) Member
Fair Commodities Trading Private 
Limited #
Trade Receivable  (0.00)  (0.00) Member
Altos Advisory Services Limited Trade Receivable  -  (0.24) Member
Indhu Commodities Private 
Limited
Trade Receivable  (0.04)  (0.04) Member
Moneyhouse Commodity Private 
Limited*
Trade Receivable  -  (0.97) Member
Omji Commotrade Private Limited# Trade Receivable  (0.00)  (0.00) Member
Silverline Commodities Private 
Limited
Trade Receivable  (0.15)  (0.15) Member
Broadway Commodities Private 
Limited
Trade Receivable  -  (0.01) Member
PCS Securities Limited# Trade Receivable  -  (0.00) Member
RVI Commodity Services Private 
Limited #
Trade Receivable  0.02  0.02 Member
SAS Commodities Private Limited # Trade Receivable  (0.00)  (0.00) Member
SRV Commodities Private Limited # Trade Receivable  0.00  0.00 Member
Shree Saibalaji Commodities # Trade Receivable  (0.00)  (0.00) Member
Girdhar Securities Private Limited Trade Receivable  -  - Member
Reckon Marketing Services# Trade Payable  -  (0.00) Vendor
Hotel Saket # Trade Payable  -  0.00 Vendor
Amarnath Enterprises # Trade Payable  -  0.00 Vendor
Woodland Retreat Trade Payable  0.01  - Vendor
Informatic Value Research Private 
Limited
Trade Payable  2.82  2.82 Vendor
 #  /f_igures are below rounding oﬀ norms adopted by the Company.
 * the entity is active in current FY (March 31, 2025 - struck oﬀ )
c. Other information:
 (i) 
 No proceedings have been initiated on or are pending against the Company for holding benami property under the 
Benami T
ransactions (Prohibition) Act, 1988 (45 of 1988) and Rules made thereunder.
 (ii)  The Company has not been declared wilful defaulter by any bank or /f_inancial institution or government or any government 
authority.
 (iii) The Company does not have number of layers of Companies.
 (iv)  The Company has not entered into any scheme of arrangement which has an accounting impact on current or previous 
/f_inancial year.

--- page 144 ---
254
Financial S
tatements
MCX Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
Notes Forming Part of the Standalone Financial Statements (Contd.)
 (v) 
 The Company has not advanced or loaned or invested (either from borrowed funds or share premium or any other sources 
or kind 
of funds) to or in any other person or entity, including foreign entities (“Intermediaries”), with the understanding, 
whether recorded in writing or otherwise, that the Intermediary shall, whether, directly or indirectly lend or invest in other 
persons or entities identi/f_ied in any manner whatsoever by or on behalf of the Company (“Ultimate Bene/f_iciaries”) or 
provide any guarantee, security or the like on behalf of the Ultimate Bene/f_iciaries.
   Further, the Company has not received any funds from any person or entity, including foreign entities (“Funding Parties”), 
with the understanding, whether recorded in writing or otherwise, that the Company shall, whether, directly or indirectly, 
lend or invest in other persons or entities identi/f_ied in any manner whatsoever by or on behalf of the Funding Party 
(“Ultimate Bene/f_iciaries”) or provide any guarantee, security or the like on behalf of the Ultimate Bene/f_iciaries.
 (vi)  There is no income surrendered or disclosed as income during the current or previous year in the tax assessments under 
the Income Tax Act, 1961, that has not been recorded in the books of account.
 (vii) The Company has not traded or invested in crypto currency or virtual currency during the current or previous year.
 (viii) All the title deeds of immovable properties are held in the name of Company.
 (ix) There are no promoters for the Company.
 (x)  The Company has not revalued its property plant and equipment or intangible assets or both during current year or 
previous year.
 (xi) The Company does not have any borrowings from bank and/or /f_inancial institutions.
 (xii)  There are no charges or satisfaction which are yet to be registered with the Registrar of Companies beyond the statutory 
period.
 (xiii) There are no Core Investment Companies (CIC) in the group.
 (xiv)  The Company has not granted any loans or advances to Directors’ , KMPs and related parties either severally or jointly with 
any other persons that are:
  a) repayable on demand or
  b) without specifying any terms or period for repayment.
46. Ther e was a business disruption on October 28, 2025 which was restored to normalcy after 3 hours of incident. Hence, the 
Exchange has paid `1.00 cr
ores /f_inancial disincentive on Janaury 23, 2026, as mandated by SEBI vide its Master Circular no. 
SEBI/HO/MRD-PoD2/CIR/P/2024/00181 dated December 30, 2024.
47. Pursuan t to SEBI Circular CIR/MRD/DP/14/2014 dated April 23, 2014 and exchange circular No. MCX/PMT/298/2025 dated June 
19, 2025, with eﬀect fr
om July 10, 2025 the Company has introduced the Liquidity Enhancement Scheme (LES) in electricity 
future contracts for an initial period of six months from the launch date of said contract. The said schemes continued from July 
10, 2025 to January 09, 2026. Further, vide exchange circular no. MCX/PMT/642/2025 dated December 17, 2025, the LES was 
proposed to be continued for further three months. An expense of `6.42 crores has been incurred towards the scheme for year 
ended March 31, 2026.
48. On Nov ember 21, 2025, the Government of India noti/f_ied the four Labor Codes consolidating 29 existing labour laws. The 
Ministry of Labor & Emplo
yment has also issued draft Central Rules and FAQs to help assess the /f_inancial impact of these 
changes. The Company has assessed the impact of these changes towards gratuity liability for the year ended March 31, 2026, 
on the basis of best information available, consistent with the guidance provided by Institute of Chartered Accountants of 
India. The Company continues to monitor the /f_inalization of Central/State Rules and clari/f_ications from the Government on 
other aspects of the Labor Codes and would provide the appropriate accounting eﬀect on the basis of such developments if 
needed.
255
Notes Forming Part of the Standalone Financial Statements (Contd.)
49. MCX has established an I nvestor Protection Fund with the objective of compensating investors in the event of defaulters’ 
assets not being suﬃcient to meet the admitt
ed claims of investors, promoting investor education, awareness and research. 
The Investor Protection Fund is administered by way of a registered Trust created for the purpose. In order to enhance the 
eﬀectiveness of Investor Protection Fund (IPF) of Stock Exchange, SEBI comprehensively reviewed the existing framework. The 
Company recognizes a provision for contribution payable to IPF, which is estimated by assessing maximum amount which can 
be paid to the individual claimant as per the extent regulations. As on March 31, 2026, the corpus with the IPF was `330.42 
crores (Unaudited) (March 31, 2025: `283.73 crores). During the year, the Company had made a contribution of `20.91 crores 
(Unaudited) (March 31, 2025: `9.62 crores) recognized as an expense. Further, the Company has received penalty `8.55 crores 
(Unaudited) (March 31, 2025: `1.95 crores) and the same is transferred to IPF.
50. In ac cordance with the relevant provisions of the Companies Act, 2013, the Company has long term contracts as of March 
31, 2026, and March 31, 2025, f
or which there were no material foreseeable losses. The Company did not have any derivative 
contracts as at March 31, 2026, and March 31, 2025.
51. For the year ended March 31, 2026, and March 31, 2025, the Company is not required to transfer any amount to the Investor 
Education & P
rotection Fund as required under section 125 of the Companies Act, 2013.
52. The M inistry of Corporate Aﬀairs (MCA) has issued a noti/f_ication (Companies (Accounts) Amendment Rules, 2021) which is 
eﬀectiv
e from April 01, 2023, states that every company which uses accounting software for maintaining its books of account 
shall use only the accounting software where there is a feature of recording audit trail of each and every transaction, and 
further creating an edit log of each change made to books of account along with the date when such changes were made and 
ensuring that the audit trail cannot be disabled.
  The Company uses SAP as a primary accounting software for maintaining books of account, which has a feature of recording 
audit trail edit logs facility.
  The audit trail features was enabled and operative throughout the /f_inancial year for the transactions recorded in the software 
impacting books of account at application level.
53. Pr evious year /f_igures have been regrouped/reclassi/f_ied wherever necessary to conform to current year /f_igures.
54. The F inancial Statements were approved by the Audit Committee and Board of Directors on May 08, 2026.
As per our repor
t of even date attached For and on behalf of the Board of Directors
For V. Sankar Aiyar & Co.
Chartered Accountants
Firm R
egistration Number: 109208W
S Nagabushanam Praveena Rai Dr. Harsh Kumar Bhanwala Ashutosh V aidya 
Partner Manag ing Director & CEO Chairman Director 
Membership No. 107022 DIN: 09474203 DIN: 06417704 DIN: 06751825 
Place: Mumbai Manisha Thakur Chandresh S hah
Date: May 08, 2026 Compan y Secretary Chief Financial Oﬃcer
Membership No. A10855
Place: Mumbai
Date: May 08, 2026

--- page 145 ---
256
Financial S
tatements
MCX Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
To the Members of 
MULTI C
OMMODITY EXCHANGE OF INDIA LIMITED
Report on the Audit of the Consolidated Ind AS Financial 
Statements
OPINION
We ha
ve audited the accompanying consolidated Ind AS 
/f_inancial statemen
ts of MUL TI COMMODITY EXCHANGE 
OF INDIA LIMITED (hereinafter referred to as “the Holding 
Company”) and its subsidiary (the Holding Company and its 
subsidiary together referred to as “the Group”) which includes 
the Group’s share of pro/f_it in its associates, which comprise 
the consolidated balance sheet as at March 31, 2026, the 
consolidated statement of pro/f_it and loss (including other 
comprehensive income), consolidated statement of changes 
in equity and the consolidated statement of cash /f_lows for 
the year then ended, and notes to the consolidated /f_inancial 
statements, including a summary of material accounting 
policies and other explanatory information (hereinafter referred 
to as “consolidated /f_inancial statements”).
In our opinion and to the best of our information and according 
to the explanations given to us and based on the consideration 
of report of other auditors on standalone/consolidated 
/f_inancial statements of the subsidiary and associates referred 
in the O
ther Ma
tter section below, the aforesaid consolidated 
/f_inancial statements give the information required by the 
Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”) in the manner so required 
and give a true and fair view in conformity with the Indian 
Accounting Standards prescribed under section 133 of the Act 
read with the Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules, 
2015, as amended (‘Ind AS’) and other accounting principles 
generally accepted in India, of the consolidated state of aﬀairs 
of the Group and its associates as at March 31, 2026, and their 
consolidated pro/f_it, their consolidated total comprehensive 
income, their consolidated changes in equity and their 
consolidated cash /f_lows for the year ended on that date.
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT
BASIS FOR OPINION
We c
onducted our audit of the consolidated /f_inancial 
statemen
ts in accordance with the Standards on Auditing, 
as speci/f_ied under section 143(10) of the Act (SAs). Our 
responsibilities under those Standards are further described in 
the Auditor’s Responsibility for the Audit of the consolidated 
/f_inancial statements section of our report. We are independent 
of the Group in accordance with the Code of Ethics issued by 
the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India (ICAI) together 
with the ethical requirements that are relevant to our audit of 
the consolidated /f_inancial statements under the provisions of 
the Act and the rules made thereunder, and we have ful/f_illed 
our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these 
requirements and the ICAI’s Code of Ethics. We believe that 
the audit evidence obtained by us is suﬃcient and appropriate 
to provide a basis for our audit opinion on the consolidated 
/f_inancial statements.
KEY AUDIT MATTERS
Key audit ma tt
ers are those matters that, in our professional 
judgment
, were of most signi/f_icance in our audit of the 
consolidated /f_inancial statements of the current period. These 
matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the 
consolidated /f_inancial statements as a whole, and in forming 
our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion 
on these matters. For each matter below, our description of 
how our audit addressed the matter is provided in that context.
We have determined the matters described below to be the key 
audit matters to be communicated in our report. We have ful/f_illed 
the responsibilities described in the Auditor’s responsibilities 
for the audit of the consolidated /f_inancial statements section of 
our report, including in relation to these matters. Accordingly, 
our audit included the performance of procedures designed to 
respond to our assessment of the risks of material misstatement 
of the consolidated /f_inancial statements. The results of 
audit procedures performed by us and by other auditors of 
components not audited by us, as reported by them in their 
audit reports furnished to us by the management, including 
those procedures performed to address the matters below, 
provide the basis for our audit opinion on the accompanying 
consolidated /f_inancial statements.
257
Sr. 
No.
K ey Audit Matter Auditor’s Response
1. Contingent Liabilities:
Refer Note 32 of consolidated /f_inancial statements.
There are legal and tax cases against the Holding Company and 
demand is raised against the Holding Company and same has 
been disputed by the company at various statutory forums. 
There are also matters pending before regulatory authorities.
For pending litigations against the Holding Company high 
level of management judgement is required to determine 
whether an obligation exists and a provision required or 
disclosures, if any.
The measurement of the provision is based on the best 
estimate of the expenditure required to settle the present 
obligation.
Considering the judgement and estimate involved, matter is 
considered as a key audit matter.
Principal Audit Procedures:
For legal and tax matters our procedures included the following:
•	 	 Obtaining list of legal and tax cases and other matter 
against the Holding Company and gained understanding 
thereof.
•	 	 Assessment of assumptions used in the evaluation 
of potential legal risks performed by the legal of the 
Company considering the legal precedence and other 
rulings in similar cases.
•	 	 Inquiry with the legal department personnel regarding 
the status of the most signi/f_icant disputes and perusal of 
the key relevant documentation.
•	 	 Considering external legal expert/tax consultants 
opinions obtained by the management on possible 
outcome of litigation;
•	 	 Meeting with the Holding Company’s management and 
reading subsequent Company’s correspondence;
•	 	 Discussing open matters with the Holding Company’s 
legal litigation and tax teams;
•	 	 Assessing the Holding Company Management’s 
conclusions through understanding precedents set in 
similar cases; and
•	 	 For the signi/f_icant provisions made, understood 
and assessed the provisioning methodology. Tested 
the underlying data and assumptions used in the 
determination of the provisions recorded.
•	 	 For cases where a provision was not recognized, evaluated 
the adequacy of disclosure made in the Ind AS /f_inancial 
statements.
2. Valuation of Investments and its impairment:
Quoted investments and unquoted investments of Group 
represent the most signi/f_icant amount on the balance sheet. 
The total of these investments aggregating to `2,949.30 
Crores represented 39.32% of total assets of the Company as 
at March 31, 2026.
There is inherent uncertainty relating to the assumptions 
supporting such estimates and risk that the fair value of 
investments is not determined appropriately and hence 
valuation of investments and its impairment is considered as 
a key audit matter.
Principal Audit Procedures:
Audit procedures of the group includes the following:
•	 	 We assessed the design and implementation of controls 
over valuation and existence of investments.
•	 	 For the fair valuation models, we understood and 
assessed the methodology used. We tested the underlying 
data and assumptions used in the determination of the 
fair value.
•	 	 We traced the quantity held from the independent 
con/f_irmation provided by the Custodian and Fund houses.
•	 	 We tested the valuation of the quoted and unquoted 
investments to independent pricing sources.
•	 	 Assessed appropriateness and arithmetical accuracy of 
fair value disclosures pertaining to investments.

--- page 146 ---
258
Financial S
tatements
MCX Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
INFORMATION OTHER THAN THE CONSOLIDATED 
FINANCI
AL STATEMENTS AND AUDITOR’S REPORT 
THEREON
The Holding Company’s Board of Directors are responsible for 
the other informa
tion. The other information comprises the 
information included in the annual report but does not include 
the consolidated /f_inancial statements and our auditor’s report 
thereon. The annual report is expected to be made available to 
us after the date of this auditor’s report.
Our opinion on the consolidated /f_inancial statements does not 
cover the other information and we do not express any form of 
assurance conclusion thereon.
In connection with our audit of the consolidated /f_inancial 
statements, our responsibility is to read the other information 
and, in doing so, consider whether the other information 
is materially inconsistent with the /f_inancial statements or 
our knowledge obtained during the course of our audit or 
otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If, based on the 
work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material 
misstatement of this other information, we are required to 
report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.
RESPONSIBILITIES OF MANAGEMENT AND 
THOSE CHARGED WI TH 
GOVERNANCE FOR THE 
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
The Holding Company’s Board of Directors is responsible for 
the matt ers sta
ted in section 134(5) of the Act with respect 
to the preparation of these consolidated /f_inancial statements 
that give a true and fair view of the consolidated /f_inancial 
position, consolidated /f_inancial performance including other 
comprehensive income, consolidated changes in equity and 
consolidated cash /f_lows of the Group including its associates 
in accordance with Ind AS and other accounting principles 
generally accepted in India. The respective Board of Directors 
of the companies included in the Group and of its associates are 
responsible for maintenance of adequate accounting records 
in accordance with the provisions of the Act for safeguarding 
the assets of the Group and its associates for preventing 
and detecting frauds and other irregularities; selection and 
application of appropriate accounting policies; making 
judgments and estimates that are reasonable and prudent; 
and the design, implementation and maintenance of adequate 
internal /f_inancial controls, that were operating eﬀectively for 
ensuring the accuracy and completeness of the accounting 
records, relevant to the preparation and presentation of the 
consolidated /f_inancial statements that give a true and fair 
view and are free from material misstatement, whether due 
to fraud or error, which have been used for the purpose of 
preparation of the consolidated /f_inancial statements by the 
Directors of the Holding Company’s, as aforesaid. In preparing 
the consolidated /f_inancial statements, the respective Board 
of Directors of the companies included in the Group and of 
its associates are responsible for assessing the ability of the 
Group and of its associates to continue as a going concern, 
disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern 
and using the going concern basis of accounting unless the 
Management either intends to liquidate or to cease operations, 
or has no realistic alternative but to do so. The respective Board 
of Directors of the companies included in the Group and of 
its associates is also responsible for overseeing the /f_inancial 
reporting process of the Group and of its associates.
AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF 
THE CONSOLIDATED FIN
ANCIAL STATEMENTS
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about 
whether the consolidat
ed /f_inancial statements as a whole 
are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or 
error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion. 
Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not 
a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with SAs 
will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. 
Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered 
material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could 
reasonably be expected to in/f_luence the economic decisions 
of users taken on the basis of these consolidated /f_inancial 
statements.
As part of an audit in accordance with SAs, we exercise 
professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism 
throughout the audit. We also:
•	 	 Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement 
of the consolidated /f_inancial statements, whether due 
to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures 
responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that 
is suﬃcient and appropriate to provide a basis for our 
opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement 
resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from 
error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional 
omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal 
control.
•	 	 Obtain an understanding of internal /f_inancial control 
relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures 
that are appropriate in the circumstances. Under section 
143(3)(i) of the Act, we are also responsible for expressing 
our opinion on whether the Holding Company has 
adequate internal /f_inancial controls system in place and 
the operating eﬀectiveness of such controls.
•	 	 Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used 
and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and 
related disclosures made by management.
259
•	 	 Conclude on the appropriateness of management’s use 
of the going c
oncern basis of accounting and, based 
on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material 
uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may 
cast signi/f_icant doubt on the ability of the Group and its 
associates to continue as a going concern. If we conclude 
that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw 
attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures 
in the consolidated /f_inancial statements or, if such 
disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our 
conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up 
to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events 
or conditions may cause the Group and its associates to 
cease to continue as a going concern.
•	 	 Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content 
of the consolidated /f_inancial statements, including the 
disclosures, and whether the consolidated /f_inancial 
statements represent the underlying transactions and 
events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.
•	 	 Obtain suﬃcient appropriate audit evidence regarding the 
/f_inancial information of the entities or business activities 
within the Group and its associates to express an opinion 
on the consolidated /f_inancial statements.
We are responsible for the direction, supervision and 
performance of the audit of the /f_inancial statements of such 
entities or business activities included in the consolidated 
/f_inancial statements of which we are the independent auditors. 
For the other entities or business activities included in the 
consolidated /f_inancial statements, which have been audited by 
other auditors, such other auditors remain responsible for the 
direction, supervision and performance of the audit carried out 
by them. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion. 
Our responsibilities in this regard are further described in ‘Other 
Matters’ section below in this audit report.
Materiality is the magnitude of misstatements in the 
Consolidated Financial Statements that, individually or in 
aggregate, makes it probable that the economic decisions of a 
reasonably knowledgeable user of the Consolidated Financial 
Statements may be in/f_luenced. We consider quantitative 
materiality and qualitative factors in (i) planning the scope of 
our audit work and in evaluating the results of our work; and 
(ii) to evaluate the eﬀect of any identi/f_ied misstatements in the 
Consolidated Financial Statements. We communicate with those 
charged with governance of the Holding Company and such 
other entities included in the Consolidated Financial Statements 
of which we are the independent auditors regarding, among 
other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit and 
signi/f_icant audit /f_indings, including any signi/f_icant de/f_iciencies 
in internal control that we identify during our audit.
We also provide those charged with governance with a 
statement that we have complied with relevant ethical 
requirements regarding independence, and to communicate 
with them all relationships and other matters that may 
reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and 
where applicable, related safeguards.
From the matters communicated with those charged with 
governance, we determine those matters that were of most 
signi/f_icance in the audit of the consolidated /f_inancial statements 
of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters.
We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law 
or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter 
or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that 
a matter should not be communicated in our report because 
the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be 
expected to outweigh the public interest bene/f_its of such 
communication.
OTHER MATTER
We did not audit the /f_inancial sta
tements//f_inancial information 
of a subsidiary, whose /f_inancial sta
tements re/f_lect total assets 
of `4092.75 crores as at March 31, 2026, total revenues of  
`425.89 crores and net cash in/f_lows amounting to `482.09 
crores for the year ended on that date, as considered in the 
consolidated /f_inancial statements. These /f_inancial statements 
have been audited by other auditor, whose reports have been 
furnished to us by the management and our opinion on the 
consolidated /f_inancial statements, in so far as it relates to the 
amounts and disclosures included in respect of this subsidiary, 
and our report in terms of sub-section (3) of Section 143 of the 
Act, in so far as it relates to the aforesaid subsidiary, is based 
solely on the reports of the other auditor. Our opinion above on 
the consolidated /f_inancial statements, and our report on other 
legal and regulatory requirements below, are not modi/f_ied in 
respect of the above matters with respect to our reliance on the 
work done by and the reports of the other auditors.
The consolidated /f_inancial statements also include the Group’s 
share of net loss of `4.90 crores and total comprehensive 
income `0.27 crores for the year ended March 31, 2026, as 
considered in the consolidated /f_inancial statements, in respect 
of two associates, as considered in the consolidated /f_inancial 
statements. These /f_inancial statements have been audited by 
other auditors whose reports have been furnished to us by the 
management and our conclusion on the /f_inancial statements, 
in so far as it relates to the amounts and disclosures included 
in respect of associates is based solely on the reports of the 
other auditors and the procedures performed by us as stated 
in paragraph above.

--- page 147 ---
260
Financial S
tatements
MCX Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
Our opinion on the consolidated /f_inancial statements, and our 
repor
t on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements below, is 
not modi/f_ied in respect of the above matters with respect to our 
reliance on the work done and the reports of the other auditors.
REPORT ON OTHER LEGAL AND REGULATORY 
REQUIREMENTS
1. 
 As required by the Companies (Auditor’s Report) Order, 
2020 (“the Order
”), issued by the Central Government of 
India in terms of sub-section (11) of section 143 of the Act, 
based on our audit and on the consideration of report 
of the other auditors on separate /f_inancial statements 
and the other /f_inancial information of the subsidiary 
and associates, incorporated in India, as noted in the 
‘Other Matter’ paragraph we give in the “ANNEXURE A” a 
statement on the matters speci/f_ied in paragraph 3(xxi) of 
the Order.
2.  As required by Section 143(3) of the Act, based on our 
audit and on the consideration of the reports of other 
auditors on standalone/consolidated /f_inancial statements 
of subsidiary and its associates incorporated in India, 
referred in the Other Matters paragraph above we report, 
to the extent applicable, that:
 (a)  We have sought and obtained all the information and 
explanations 
which to the best of our knowledge and 
belief were necessary for the purposes of our audit of 
the aforesaid consolidated /f_inancial statements;
 (b)  In our opinion, proper books of account as required 
by la w r
elating to preparation of the aforesaid 
consolidated /f_inancial statements have been kept so 
far as it appears from our examination of those books;
 (c)  The consolidated balance sheet, the consolidated 
statemen
t of pro/f_it and loss (including other 
comprehensive income), consolidated statement of 
changes in equity and the consolidated statement of 
cash /f_lows dealt with by this report are in agreement 
with the relevant books of account maintained 
for the purpose of preparation of the consolidated 
/f_inancial statements;
 (d)  In our opinion, the aforesaid consolidated Ind AS 
/f_inancial statemen
ts comply with the Accounting 
Standards speci/f_ied under Section 133 of the Act, 
read with Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) 
Rules, 2015, as amended;
 (e)  On the basis of the written representations received 
from the dir ec
tors of the Holding Company as on 
March 31, 2026 and taken on record by the Board 
of Directors of the Holding Company and the 
reports of the statutory auditor of its subsidiary and 
associates, companies incorporated in India, none of 
the directors of the Holding Company, its subsidiary 
and associates, companies incorporated in India 
is disquali/f_ied as on March 31, 2026 from being 
appointed as a director in terms of Section 164 (2) of 
the Act.
 (f )  With respect to the adequacy of the internal /f_inancial 
contr
ols over /f_inancial reporting of the Group and 
associate companies covered under the Act, and the 
operating eﬀectiveness of such controls, refer to our 
separate report in ‘ANNEXURE B’.
 (g)  With respect to the other matters to be included 
in the Auditor
’s Report in accordance with the 
requirements of section 197(16) of the Act, as 
amended, In our opinion, and to the best of our 
information and according to the explanations given 
to us, and based on the reports of the statutory 
auditors of such subsidiary company and associate 
company incorporated in India which were not 
audited by us the remuneration paid / provided by 
the Holding Company, Subsidiary company and 
associate company to its directors during the year is 
in accordance with the provisions of section 197 read 
with Schedule V of the Act.
   In our opinion, and to the best of our information and 
according to the explanations given to us, and based 
on the reports of the statutory auditors of another 
associate company, with respect to the other matters 
to be included in the Auditor’s Report in accordance 
with the requirements of section 197(16) of the Act, 
in terms of noti/f_ication no. G.S.R. 08(E) dated January 
04, 2017 issued by the Ministry of Corporate Aﬀairs 
under section 462 of the Act and in pursuance of 
sub-section (2) of the said section of Companies Act 
2013 (18 of 2013), the provisions of section 197 in 
respect of the remuneration paid by the Company 
to its directors are not applicable to the associate 
company.
 (h)  With respect to the other matters to be included in 
the auditors ’
 report in accordance with Rule 11 of 
the Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014, 
as amended in our opinion and to the best of our 
information and according to the explanations given 
to us and based on the consideration of the reports 
of the auditors on standalone/consolidated /f_inancial 
statements of the subsidiary and associates, as noted 
in the ‘Other Matters’ section above:
261
  i.  The consolidated /f_inancial statements 
disclose the impac t of pending litiga
tions 
on the consolidated /f_inancial position of the 
Group and its associates- Refer Note 32 to the 
consolidated /f_inancial statements;
  ii.  The Group and its associates were not required 
to recognize a provision as at March 31, 2026, 
under the applicable law or accounting 
standards, as it does not have any material 
foreseeable losses on long-term contracts. 
The Group and its associates did not have 
any derivative contracts as at March 31, 2026- 
Refer Note 53 to the consolidated /f_inancial 
statements; and
  iii.  There has been no delay in transferring 
amounts required to be transferred to the 
Investor Education and Protection Fund by the 
Holding Company and there were no amounts 
which wer e r
equired to be transferred to the 
Investor Education and Protection Fund by 
the subsidiary and its associates- Refer Note 
54 to the c
onsolidated /f_inancial statements. 
iv. 
A) The respective management of 
the Holding Company and its subsidiar
y and 
associates which are companies incorporated 
in India whose /f_inancial statements have been 
audited under the Act have represented to 
us and other auditors of such subsidiary and 
associates respectively that, to the best of its 
knowledge and belief, as disclosed in the note 
48.c.v to the /f_inancial statements, no funds 
have been advances or loaned or invested 
(either from borrowed funds or share premium 
or any other sources or kind of funds) by the 
Holding Company or any of subsidiary and 
associates to or in any other persons or entities, 
including foreign entities (“Intermediaries”), 
with the understanding, whether recorded in 
writing or otherwise, that the Intermediaries 
shall, whether, directly or indirectly lend or 
invest in other persons or entities identi/f_ied in 
any manner whatsoever by or on behalf of the 
Holding Company or any such subsidiary and 
associates (“Ultimate Bene/f_iciaries”) or provide 
any guarantee, security or the like on behalf of 
the Ultimate Bene/f_iciaries;
 B)  The respective management of the Holding 
Company and its subsidiary and associates which 
are companies incorporated in India whose /f_inancial 
statements have been audited under the Act have 
represented to us and the other auditors of such 
subsidiary and associates respectively that, to the 
best of its knowledge and belief, as disclosed in the 
note 48.c.v to the /f_inancial statements, no funds 
have been received by the Holding Company or any 
of such subsidiary and associates from any persons 
or entities, including foreign entities (“Funding 
Parties”), with the understanding, whether recorded 
in writing or otherwise, that the Holding Company or 
any of such subsidiary and associates, shall, whether, 
directly or indirectly, lend or invest in other persons 
or entities identi/f_ied in any manner whatsoever 
by or on behalf of the Funding Parties (“Ultimate 
Bene/f_iciaries”) or provide any guarantee, security or 
the like on behalf of the Ultimate Bene/f_iciaries; and
 C)  Based on the audit procedures that have been 
considered reasonable and appropriate in the 
circumstances performed by us and those performed 
by the auditor of the subsidiary and associates, 
which are companies incorporated in India whose 
/f_inancial statements have been audited under the 
Act, nothing has come to our notice that has caused 
us to believe that the representation under sub-
clause (A) and (B) contain any material misstatement.
 v.  The /f_inal dividend paid by the Holding Company 
during the y
ear which was declared for the previous 
year is in accordance with section 123 of the Act 
to the extent it applies to payment of dividend. As 
stated in Note 47 to the consolidated Ind AS /f_inancial 
statements, the Board of Directors of the Holding 

--- page 148 ---
262
Financial S
tatements
MCX Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
Company has proposed /f_inal dividend for the year 
which is subjec t t
o the approval of the members at 
the ensuing Annual General Meeting. The dividend 
declared is in accordance with section 123 of the Act 
to the extent it applies to declaration of dividend. The 
subsidiary and associa
te companies incorporated in 
India neither declared nor paid any dividend during 
the year.
 vi.  Based on our examination, which included test 
checks and that performed by respective auditors of 
the subsidiary and associates, companies which are 
incorporated in India, whose /f_inancial statements 
have been audited under the Act, the Holding 
Company, subsidiary and associates have used 
accounting software for maintaining its books of 
account for the /f_inancial year ended March 31, 2026 
which has a feature of recording audit trail (edit log) 
facility and the same has operated throughout the 
year for all relevant transactions recorded in the 
software. Further, during the course of our audit. 
we and respective auditors of the above subsidiary 
and associates did not come across any instance 
of the audit trail feature being tampered with and 
the audit trail has been preserved by the Holding 
Company, subsidiary company and associate 
companies incorporated in India as per the statutory 
requirements for record retention.
For V. Sankar Aiyar & Co.,
Chartered Accountants
(FRN 109208W)
(S Nagabushanam)
Plac
e: Mumbai (M.No.107022)
Date: M
ay 08, 2026 UDIN: 26107022PZBVGZ4320
263
The Annexure referred to in paragraph1 under ‘Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements’ section of our report of even date
In t
erms of the information and explanations sought by us and given by the Company and the books of account and records examined 
by us in the normal course of audit and to the best of our knowledge and belief, we state that:
(xxi) There are no quali/f_ications or adverse remarks by the respective auditors in the Companies (Auditors Report) Order (CARO) 
reports of the companies included in the consolidated /f_inancial statements. Following are points highlighted by the auditors in the 
respective reports, reference of the same are0020as under:
Entity name CIN Holding C ompany/
Associate Company
Clause number of the CARO report which is 
highlighted by the auditors in the respective 
reports
Multi Commodity 
Exchange OF India Limited
L51909MH2002PLC135594 Holding Company 3. vii(c)
India International Bullion 
Holding IFSC Limited
U67100GJ2021PLC123076 Associate Company 1 of Annexure B to the Independent Auditors 
report of consolidated /f_inancial statements
Countrywide Commodity 
Repository Limited
U74999MH2017PLC292113 Associate Company 3. xvii
For V. Sankar Aiyar & Co.,
Chartered Accountants
(FRN 109208W)
(S Nagabushanam)
Place: Mumbai (M.No.107022)
Date: M
ay 08, 2026 UDIN: 26107022PZBVGZ4320
ANNEXURE A TO THE INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT OF EVEN DATE

--- page 149 ---
264
Financial S
tatements
MCX Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
(Referred to in paragraph 2(f ) under ‘Report on Other Legal and 
Regula
tory Requirements’ section of our report of even date)
Report on the internal /f_inancial controls under clause (i) of sub-
section 3 of section 143 of the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”)
In conjunction with our audit of the consolidated Ind AS 
/f_inancial statements of the Company as of and for the year ended  
March 31, 2026, we have audited the internal /f_inancial controls 
over /f_inancial reporting of MUL TI COMMODITY EXCHANGE 
OF INDIA LIMITED (“the Company” or “the Holding Company”) 
and its subsidiary and its associates, which are incorporated in 
India, as of that date.
MANAGEMENT’S RESPONSIBILITY FOR INTERNAL 
FINANCIAL CON
TROLS
The respective Board of Directors of the Holding Company, its 
subsidiary and its associat
es which are companies incorporated 
in India, are responsible for establishing and maintaining internal 
/f_inancial controls based on the internal control over /f_inancial 
reporting criteria established by the respective companies 
considering the essential components of internal control stated 
in the Guidance Note on Audit of Internal Financial Controls 
over Financial Reporting issued by the Institute of Chartered 
Accountants of India (“ICAI”). These responsibilities include the 
design, implementation and maintenance of adequate internal 
/f_inancial controls that were operating eﬀectively for ensuring 
the orderly and eﬃcient conduct of its business, including 
adherence to respective company’s policies, the safeguarding 
of its assets, the prevention and detection of frauds and errors, 
the accuracy and completeness of the accounting records, 
and the timely preparation of reliable /f_inancial information, as 
required under the Companies Act, 2013.
AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITY
Our r
esponsibility is to express an opinion on the internal 
/f_inancial contr
ols over /f_inancial reporting of the Holding 
Company, its subsidiary and its associates, which are companies 
incorporated in India, based on our audit. We conducted our 
audit in accordance with the Guidance Note on Audit of Internal 
Financial Controls Over Financial Reporting (the “Guidance 
Note”) issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India 
and the Standards on Auditing prescribed under Section 143(10) 
of the Companies Act, 2013, to the extent applicable to an audit 
of internal /f_inancial controls. Those Standards and the Guidance 
Note require that we comply with ethical requirements and plan 
and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about 
whether adequate internal /f_inancial controls over /f_inancial 
reporting was established and maintained and if such controls 
operated eﬀectively in all material respects.
Our audit involves performing procedures to obtain audit 
evidence about the adequacy of the internal /f_inancial controls 
system over /f_inancial reporting with reference to consolidated 
ANNEXURE B TO THE INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT OF EVEN DATE
/f_inancial stat
ements and their operating eﬀectiveness. Our 
audit of inter
nal /f_inancial controls over /f_inancial reporting 
included obtaining an understanding of internal /f_inancial 
controls over /f_inancial reporting with reference to consolidated 
/f_inancial statements, assessing the risk that a material weakness 
exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating 
eﬀectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. 
The procedures selected depend on the auditor’s judgement, 
including the assessment of the risks of material misstatement 
of the /f_inancial statements, whether due to fraud or error.
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained and the 
audit evidence obtained by the other auditors of the subsidiary 
and associates, which are companies incorporated in India, in 
terms of their reports referred to in the Other Matters paragraph 
below, is suﬃcient and appropriate to provide a basis for our 
audit opinion on the internal /f_inancial controls system over 
/f_inancial reporting of the Holding Company, its subsidiary and 
its associates which are companies incorporated in India.
MEANING OF INTERNAL FINANCIAL CONTROLS 
OVER FINANCI
AL REPORTING
A Company’s internal /f_inancial control over /f_inancial reporting 
with ref
erence to consolidated /f_inancial statements is a 
process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding 
the reliability of /f_inancial reporting and the preparation of 
/f_inancial statements for external purposes in accordance with 
generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal 
/f_inancial control over /f_inancial reporting with reference to 
consolidated /f_inancial statements includes those policies and 
procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records 
that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly re/f_lect the 
transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) 
provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded 
as necessary to permit preparation of /f_inancial statements in 
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and 
that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made 
only in accordance with authorisations of management and 
directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance 
regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorised 
acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that 
could have a material eﬀect on the consolidated /f_inancial 
statements.
INHERENT LIMITATIONS OF INTERNAL FINANCIAL 
CONTROLS OVER FIN
ANCIAL REPORTING
Because of the inherent limitations of internal /f_inancial controls 
over /f_inancial r
eporting with reference to consolidated /f_inancial 
statements, including the possibility of collusion or improper 
management override of controls, material misstatements 
due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. Also, 
projections of any evaluation of the internal /f_inancial controls 
over /f_inancial reporting with reference to consolidated /f_inancial 
265
statements to future periods are subject to the risk that the 
int
ernal /f_inancial control over /f_inancial reporting may become 
inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree 
of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
OPINION
In our opinion and based on the c
onsideration of the audit 
reports of the other audit
ors on internal /f_inancial controls with 
reference to, standalone/consolidated /f_inancial statements, of 
its subsidiary company and its associate companies, the Holding 
Company, its subsidiary company and associate companies, 
which are companies incorporated in India, have, in all material 
respects, an adequate internal /f_inancial controls system over 
/f_inancial reporting and such internal /f_inancial controls over 
/f_inancial reporting were operating eﬀectively as at March 31, 
2026, based on the internal /f_inancial controls with reference 
to consolidated /f_inancial statements criteria established by 
such companies considering the essential components of 
such internal controls stated in the Guidance Note on Audit of 
Internal Financial Controls Over Financial Reporting issued by 
the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India (the ‘Guidance 
Note’).
OTHER MATTER
Our af
oresaid report under Section 143(3)(i) of the Act on the 
adequacy and opera
ting eﬀectiveness of the internal /f_inancial 
controls with reference to consolidated /f_inancial statements 
in so far as it relates to one subsidiary and two associates, 
which are companies incorporated in India, is based solely on 
the corresponding reports of the auditors of such companies 
incorporated in India. Our opinion is not modi/f_ied in respect of 
this matter.
For V. Sankar Aiyar & Co.,
Chartered Accountants
(FRN 109208W)
(S Nagabushanam)
Plac
e: Mumbai (M.No.107022)
Date: M
ay 08, 2026 UDIN: 26107022PZBVGZ4320

--- page 150 ---
266
Financial S
tatements
MCX Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
Consolidated Balance Sheet 
as at M
arch 31, 2026
As per our repor
t of even date attached For and on behalf of the Board of Directors
For V. Sankar Aiyar & Co.
Chartered Accountants
Firm R
egistration Number: 109208W
S Nagabushanam Praveena Rai Dr. Harsh Kumar Bhanwala  Ashut osh Vaidya 
Partner Manag ing Director & CEO Chairman  Director 
Membership No. 107022 DIN: 09474203 DIN: 06417704  DIN: 06751825 
Place: Mumbai Manisha Thakur Chandresh S hah
Date: May 08, 2026 Compan y Secretary Chief Financial Oﬃcer
Membership No. A10855
Place: Mumbai
Date: May 08, 2026
` in crores
Par
ticulars Note  
No.
As at 
March 31, 2026
As at 
March 31, 2025
Assets
(1) N
on-current assets
 (a) P
roperty, plant and equipment 2A 232.66 223.76 
 (b) Capital work-in-progress 2B 28.00 6.12 
 (c) Right of use assets 2C 4.47 0.82 
 (d) Intangible assets 3A 179.69 187.22 
 (e) Intangible assets under development 3B 2.61 12.15 
 (f ) Investment in associate 4 59.97 60.24 
 (g) Financial assets 
  (i) Non-current investments 4 1,508.96 813.84 
  (ii) Other non-current /f_inancial assets 5 1,332.33 343.01 
 (h) Income tax assets (net) 6 - 15.90 
 (i) Other non-current assets 7 0.10 1.39 
Total non-current assets 3,348.79 1,664.45 
(2) Current assets 
 (a) Financial assets 
  (i) Current investments 8 1,380.37 527.18 
  (ii) Trade receivables 9 63.98 28.86 
  (iii) Cash and cash equivalents 10 819.76 338.61 
  (iv)  Bank balances other than cash and cash equivalents (iii) above 11 1,717.14 1,563.06 
  (v) Other current /f_inancial assets 12 104.27 160.18 
 (b) Other current assets 13 66.32 42.83 
Total current assets 4,151.84 2,660.72 
Total assets 7,500.63 4,325.17 
Equity and liabilities 
(1) E quit
y 
 (a) E
quity share capital 14 51.00 51.00 
 (b) Other equity 15 2,796.94 1,833.40 
Total equity 2,847.94 1,884.40 
(2) Core settlement guarantee fund (Core SGF) 16 1,367.29 930.14 
Liabilities 
(3) Non-current liabilities 
 (a) Financial liabilities 
  (i) Other non-current /f_inancial liabilities 17 68.76 58.02 
  (ii) Lease liabilities 36 3.83 0.31 
 (b) Deferred tax liabilities (net) 33 38.70 26.27 
 (c) Non-current provisions 18 4.37 3.49 
Total non-current liabilities 115.66 88.09 
(4) Current liabilities 
 (a) Financial liabilities 
  (i) Trade payables 19 
  -  Total outstanding dues of micro enterprises and small enterprises 3.50 0.88 
  -  Total outstanding dues of creditors other than micro enterprises and 
small enterprises
189.41 84.75 
  (ii) Lease liabilities 36 0.93 0.70 
  (iii) Other current /f_inancial liabilities 20 2,459.31 1,180.78 
 (b) Other current liabilities 21 451.51 152.53 
 (c) Current provisions 22 3.88 2.90 
 (d) Income tax liabilities (net) 23 61.20 - 
Total current liabilities 3,169.74 1,422.54 
Total liabilities 4,652.69 2,440.77 
Total equity and liabilities 7,500.63 4,325.17 
Material accounting policies, key accounting estimates and judgements         1
See accompanying notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
267
Consolidated Statement of Pro/f_it and Loss 
for the y
ear ended March 31, 2026
As per our report of even date attached For and on behalf of the B oard of Directors
For V. Sankar Aiyar & Co.
Chartered Accountants
Firm R
egistration Number: 109208W
S Nagabushanam Praveena Rai Dr. Harsh Kumar Bhanwala Ashutosh V aidya 
Partner Manag ing Director & CEO Chairman Director 
Membership No. 107022 DIN: 09474203 DIN: 06417704 DIN: 06751825 
Place: Mumbai Manisha Thakur Chandresh S hah
Date: May 08, 2026 Compan y Secretary Chief Financial Oﬃcer
Membership No. A10855
Place: Mumbai
Date: May 08, 2026
 ` in crores, except EPS 
Par
ticulars Note  
No.
For the year ended 
March 31, 2026
For the year ended 
March 31, 2025
I Income
Rev
enue from operations 24  2,302.00  1,112.66 
Other income 25  127.05  96.20 
T
otal income  2,429.05  1,208.86 
II Expenses 
Employee bene/f_its expense 26  180.11  144.25 
Produc
t license fees 27  107.96  69.42 
Finance costs 28  0.36  0.45 
Depreciation and amortization expense 2A, 2C, 3A  78.04  63.75 
Information technology and related expenses 29  104.74  92.70 
Contribution to statutory funds and regulatory fees 30  163.73  79.45 
Other expenses 31  98.88  61.53 
Total expenses  733.82  511.55 
III Profit before tax and share of profit / (loss) of associates  1,695.23  697.31 
IV Add: Share of (loss) / profit of associates  (4.90)  2.09 
V Pr
ofit before tax  1,690.33  699.40 
VI T
ax expenses 
(1) Current tax 33  346.24  119.55 
(2) Short pr
ovision for tax relating to previous years 33  0.64  5.76 
(3) Deferred tax 33  11.90  14.05 
Total tax expenses  358.78  139.36 
VII Profit for the year  1,331.55  560.04 
VIII Other comprehensive income 
A
) Items that will not be reclassi/f_ied to pro/f_it or loss
 i) Changes in fair v
alue of equity instruments (net of tax)  12.79  2.30 
 ii)  Remeasurement of employee bene/f_its obligations (net 
of tax)
 (0.08)  (1.10)
 iii)  Share of other comprehensive income of associates 
accounted for using equity method
 4.63  1.03 
IX Total comprehensive income for the year  1,348.89  562.27 
Net pr
o/f_it attributable to:
a) Owner of the Company  1,331.55  560.04 
b) Non-controlling interest  -  - 
Other comprehensive income attributable to:
a) Owner of the Company  17.34  2.23 
b) Non-controlling interest  -  - 
Total comprehensive income attributable to:
a) Owner of the Company  1,348.89  562.27 
b) Non-controlling interest  -  - 
X Earnings per equity share (of ` 2/- each)
(1) Basic 37  52.22  21.96 
(2) Diluted 37  52.22  21.96 
M
aterial accounting policies, key accounting estimates and judgements 1
See accompanying notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

--- page 151 ---
268
Financial S
tatements
MCX Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
` in crores
Par
ticulars Y ear ended
March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
A Cash flow from operating activities
Pr
o/f_it before tax  1,690.33  699.40 
Adjustments f
or:
Depreciation and amortization expense  78.04  63.75 
Finance costs  0.36  0.45 
Gain arising on /f_inancial assets measured at FVTPL (net)  (40.01)  (21.99)
Amortization of premium on debt instruments  0.99  0.52 
Amortization of discount on debt instruments  (0.43)  (0.27)
Provision for expected credit loss  5.37  - 
Intangible asset under development written oﬀ  -  0.26 
Net loss on foreign currency transactions and translations  0.29  0.22 
Provisions no longer required written back  (7.67)  (8.29)
Provision for anticipated claims  -  8.95 
Pro/f_it on derecognition of property, plant and equipment  (0.26)  (0.04)
Interest income  (231.56)  (153.73)
Share of (pro/f_it) / loss of associates  4.90  (2.09)
Remeasurement of employee bene/f_it  (0.08)  (190.06)  (1.10)  (113.36)
Operating cash /f_lows before working capital changes  1,500.27  586.04 
Adjustments for (increase) / decrease in assets:
Other non-current /f_inancial assets  0.14  0.11 
Other non-current assets  1.29  0.15 
Trade receivables  (35.12)  33.48 
Other current /f_inancial assets  (25.37)  (12.95)
Other current assets  (23.49)  11.34 
Adjustments for increase/ (decrease) in liabilities:
Other non-current /f_inancial liabilities  10.74  4.60 
Non-current provisions  0.88  0.71 
Trade payables  114.66  22.58 
Other current /f_inancial liabilities  1,260.59  152.99 
Other current liabilities  298.98  56.80 
Current provisions  0.98  1,604.28  2.17  271.98 
Adjustment for increase in settlement guarantee fund (Core SGF)  204.79  132.20 
Cash generated from operations  3,309.34  990.22 
Income tax paid (net of refunds)  (274.62)  (40.09)
Net cash generated from operating activities (A)  3,034.72  950.13 
B Cash flow from inv esting activities
Capital expenditure on property, plant and equipment / 
intangible assets including capital adv
ances
 (72.34)  (95.90)
Purchase of non-current investments  (782.24)  (298.10)
Investment in associate  -  (20.00)
Purchase of current investments  (6,810.03)  (2,694.52)
Proceeds from sale of current investments  6,109.15  2,565.68 
Payment for investment in /f_ixed deposits  (13,106.15)  (3,788.73)
Bank balances other than classi/f_ied as cash and cash equivalents 
/ proceeds from /f_ixed deposits
 11,984.34  3,501.87 
Interest received  278.17  78.87 
Net cash /f_low (used) in investing activities (B)  (2,399.10)  (750.83)
Consolidated Cash Flow Statement
for the y
ear ended March 31, 2026
269
` in crores
Par
ticulars Y ear ended
March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
C Cash flow from financing activities
Dividend paid  (153.00)  (38.96)
Finance c
osts  (0.07)  (0.28)
Payment of lease liabilities including interest on lease liabilities  (1.40)  (0.96)
Net cash /f_low (used) in /f_inancing activities (C)  (154.47)  (40.20)
Net increase in cash and cash equivalents (A+B+C)  481.15  159.10 
Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year  338.61  179.51 
Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year  
(Refer note 10)
 819.76  338.61 
Non-cash investing activities
Acquisition of right-of-use assets  4.86  0.14 
Note to Cash Flow Statement:
1 The cash /f_low statement has been prepared under the “Indirect Method” as set out in Ind AS 7 “Statement of Cash Flows” .
2  Pr
evious years’ /f_igures have been regrouped wherever necessary.
As per our report of even date attached For and on behalf of the Board of Directors
For V. Sankar Aiyar & Co.
Chartered Accountants
Firm R
egistration Number: 109208W
S Nagabushanam Praveena Rai Dr. Harsh Kumar Bhanwala  Ashut osh Vaidya 
Partner Manag ing Director & CEO Chairman  Director 
Membership No. 107022 DIN: 09474203 DIN: 06417704  DIN: 06751825 
Place: Mumbai Manisha Thakur Chandresh S hah
Date: May 08, 2026 Compan y Secretary Chief Financial Oﬃcer
Membership No. A10855
Place: Mumbai
Date: May 08, 2026
Consolidated Cash Flow Statement
for the year ended M
arch 31, 2026 (Contd.)

--- page 152 ---
270
Financial S
tatements
MCX Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
for the y
ear ended March 31, 2026
A. EQUITY SHARE CAPITAL
(1) For the year ended March 31, 2026
` in crores
Balanc
e as at April 01, 
2025
Changes in equity 
share capital due to 
prior period errors
Restated balance at the 
beginning of the current 
reporting period
Changes in equity 
share capital during 
the current year
Balance as at  
March 31, 2026
51.00  -  -  -  51.00 
(2) For the year ended March 31, 2025
` in crores
Balanc
e as at April 01, 
2024
Changes in equity 
share capital due to 
prior period errors
Restated balance at the 
beginning of the current 
reporting period
Changes in equity 
share capital during 
the current year
Balance as at  
March 31, 2025
51.00 - - - 51.00 
B. OTHER EQUITY 
For the year ended March 31, 2026
` in crores
Particulars Reserves and surplus Other comprehensive income Total
Securities 
premium
Retained 
earnings
General 
reserve
Re-measurements 
gain/(loss) on the 
de/f_ined employee 
bene/f_it plans and 
equity instruments
Share of 
pro/f_it / 
(loss) in 
associates
Balance as at April 01, 2024 216.84 987.32 164.49 (43.64) 2.47 1327.47
Pro/f_it for the year - 560.04 - - - 560.04
Transfer to settlement guarantee fund (Refer note 44) - (17.38) - - - (17.38)
Dividend - (38.96) - - - (38.96)
Equity instruments through other comprehensive income (net of tax) - - - 2.30 1.03 3.33
Other comprehensive income arising from re-measurement of 
employee bene/f_its obligation (net of tax)
- - - (1.10) - (1.10)
Balance as at March 31, 2025 216.84 1,491.02 164.49 (42.44) 3.50 1,833.40
Pro/f_it for the year - 1,331.55 - - - 1,331.55
Transfer to settlement guarantee fund (Refer note 44) - (232.36) - - - (232.36)
Dividend - (153.00) - - - (153.00)
Equity instruments through other comprehensive income (net of tax) - - - 12.79 4.63 17.42
Other comprehensive income arising from re-measurement of 
employee bene/f_its obligation (net of tax)
- - - (0.08) - (0.08)
Balance as at March 31, 2026 216.84 2,437.21 164.49 (29.73) 8.13 2,796.94
As per our report of even date attached For and on behalf of the Board of Directors
For V. Sankar Aiyar & Co.
Chart
ered Accountants
Firm R
egistration Number: 109208W
S Nagabushanam Praveena Rai Dr. Harsh Kumar Bhanwala  Ashut osh Vaidya 
Partner Manag ing Director & CEO Chairman  Director 
Membership No. 107022 DIN: 09474203 DIN: 06417704  DIN: 06751825 
Place: Mumbai Manisha Thakur Chandresh S hah
Date: May 08, 2026 Compan y Secretary Chief Financial Oﬃcer
Membership No. A10855
Place: Mumbai
Date: May 08, 2026
271
GROUP OVERVIEW
The c
onsolidated /f_inancial statements comprise /f_inancial 
statemen
ts of the Multi Commodity Exchange of India Limited 
(the “Company” or the “Exchange”), a deemed Stock Exchange 
recognized under the Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act, 
1956, and its subsidiary (collectively, the Group), and includes 
the share of pro/f_it of associates for the year ended March 31, 
2025. The Company is a demutualized Exchange and has 
permanent recognition from the Government of India to 
facilitate nationwide online trading, clearing and settlement 
operations of commodity derivatives. Pursuant to SEBI approval 
to the Company’s wholly owned subsidiary, Multi Commodity 
Exchange Clearing Corporation Limited (MCXCCL) to act as the 
clearing corporation, the clearing and settlement division of 
the Company has been transferred to MCXCCL with eﬀect from 
September 01, 2018.
The Holding Company is a public limited Company incorporated 
and domiciled in India and has its registered oﬃce at ‘Exchange 
Square’ , Suren Road, Chakala, Andheri (East), Mumbai 400093, 
India. Its shares are listed on the BSE Limited. Further, in 
pursuance of Regulation 3.1.1 of the National Stock Exchange 
(Capital Market) Trading Regulations Part A and other relevant 
provisions, National Stock Exchange of India Limited (NSE) vide 
its Circular Ref No. 202/201 dated March 07, 2012 noti/f_ied that 
with eﬀect from March 09, 2012 the Holding Company’s equity 
shares were permitted to be traded and admitted to dealings 
on NSE.
The consolidated /f_inancial statements for the year ended March 
31, 2026, were approved by Board of Directors and authorized 
for issue on May 08, 2026.
1.  MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES, KEY 
ACCOUNTING ESTIM
ATES AND JUDGEMENTS
1.1 Basis of preparation of /f_inancial statements
  
These consolidated /f_inancial statements of the Group 
have been pr
epared in accordance with the Indian 
Accounting Standards (hereinafter referred to as the ‘Ind 
AS’) as noti/f_ied under Section 133 of the Companies Act, 
2013 (‘Act’) read with the Companies (Indian Accounting 
Standards) Rules, 2015 (as amended) and presentation 
requirements of Division II of Schedule III of the Companies 
Act, 2013, (Ind AS Compliant Schedule III), as applicable to 
consolidated /f_inancial statements.
  Accounting policies have been consistently applied except 
where a newly issued accounting standard is initially 
adopted or a revision to an existing accounting standard 
requires a change in the accounting policy hitherto in use.
  These consolidated /f_inancial statements have been 
prepared and presented under the historical cost 
convention, on the accrual basis of accounting except for 
certain /f_inancial assets, /f_inancial liabilities, and de/f_ined 
bene/f_its that are measured at fair values at the end of 
each reporting period as required by relevant Ind AS, 
as stated in the accounting policies set out below. The 
accounting policies have been applied consistently over 
all the periods presented in these consolidated /f_inancial 
statements.
1.2 Basis of Consolidation
  
The consolidated /f_inancial statements comprise the 
/f_inancial statemen
ts of the Holding Company and its 
subsidiary as at March 31, 2025. Control is achieved when 
the company has majority of voting rights.
  The holding company re-assesses whether or not it 
controls an investee, if facts and circumstances indicate 
that there are changes to one or more of the three 
elements of control. Consolidation of a subsidiary begins 
when the holding company obtains control over the 
subsidiary and ceases when the holding Company loses 
control of the subsidiary.
  Assets, liabilities, income and expenses of a subsidiary 
acquired or disposed of during the year are included in 
the consolidated /f_inancial statements from the date the 
holding Company gains control until the date the holding 
company ceases to control the subsidiary.
  Consolidated /f_inancial statements are prepared using 
uniform accounting policies for like transactions and other 
events in similar circumstances. If a member of the Group 
uses accounting policies other than those adopted in the 
consolidated /f_inancial statements for like transactions and 
events in similar circumstances, appropriate adjustments 
are made to that Group member’s /f_inancial statements in 
preparing the consolidated /f_inancial statements to ensure 
conformity with the Group’s accounting policies.
  The /f_inancial statements of all entities used for the 
purpose of consolidation are drawn up to same reporting 
date as that of the holding Company, i.e., year ended 
on March 31. When the end of the reporting period 
of the Holding is diﬀerent from that of a subsidiary, 
the subsidiary prepares, for consolidation purposes, 
additional /f_inancial information as of the same date as the 
/f_inancial statements of the Holding to enable the Holding 
to consolidate the /f_inancial information of the subsidiary, 
unless it is impracticable to do so.
 Consolidation procedure:
 a.  Combine like items of assets, liabilities, equity, 
income, expenses and cash /f_lows of the Holding with 
those of its subsidiary. For this purpose, income and 
expenses of the subsidiary are based on the amounts 
of the assets and liabilities recognized in the 
Notes Forming Part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

--- page 153 ---
272
Financial S
tatements
MCX Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
Notes Forming Part of the Consolidated Financial Statements (Contd.)
consolida
ted /f_inancial statements at the acquisition 
dat
e.
 b.  Oﬀset (eliminate) the carrying amount of the 
Holding’s investment in each subsidiary and the 
Holding’s portion of equity of each subsidiary.
 c.  Eliminate in full intragroup assets and liabilities, 
equity, income, expenses and cash /f_lows relating 
to transactions between entities of the Group. 
Intragroup losses may indicate an impairment that 
requires recognition in the consolidated /f_inancial 
statements. Ind AS 12 Income Taxes applies to 
temporary diﬀerences that arise from the elimination 
of pro/f_its and losses resulting from intragroup 
transactions.
  Pro/f_it or loss and each component of other comprehensive 
income (OCI) are attributed to the equity holders of the 
Holding Company of the Group and to the non-controlling 
interests, even if this results in the non-controlling interests 
having a de/f_icit balance. When necessary, adjustments 
are made to the /f_inancial statements of subsidiary to 
bring their accounting policies into line with the Group’s 
accounting policies. All intra-group assets and liabilities, 
equity, income, expenses and cash /f_lows relating to 
transactions between entities of the Group are eliminated 
in full on consolidation.
 Investment in Associate
  An associate is an entity over which the Group has 
signi/f_icant in/f_luence. Signi/f_icant in/f_luence is the power to 
participate in the /f_inancial and operating policy decisions 
of the investee, but is not control or joint control over 
those policies. The considerations made in determining 
whether signi/f_icant in/f_luence or joint control are similar to 
those necessary to determine control over the subsidiary.
  The Group’s investments in its associate are accounted for 
using the equity method. Under the equity method, the 
investment in an associate is initially recognized at cost. 
The carrying amount of the investment is adjusted to 
recognize changes in the Group’s share of net assets of the 
associate since the acquisition date. In addition, the Group 
recognizes its share of any changes, when applicable, in 
the statement of changes in equity. Goodwill relating 
to the associate is included in the carrying amount of 
investment and is not tested for impairment individually. 
Unrealized gains and losses resulting from transactions 
between the Group and the associate are eliminated to 
the extent of the interest in the associate.
  If Group’s share of losses of an associate exceeds its interest 
in that associate (which includes any long term interest 
that, in substance, form part of the Group’s net investment 
in the associate), the Group discontinues recognizing its 
share of further losses. Additional losses are recognized 
only to the extent that the Group has incurred legal or 
constructive obligations or made payments on behalf of 
the associate. If the associate subsequently reports pro/f_its, 
the Group resumes recognizing its share of those pro/f_its 
only after its share of the pro/f_its equals the share of losses 
not recognized.
  The /f_inancial statements of the associate are prepared for 
the same reporting period as the Group. When necessary, 
adjustments are made to bring the accounting policies in 
line with those of the Group.
  Upon loss of signi/f_icant in/f_luence over the associate, the 
Group measures and recognizes any retained investment 
at its fair value. Any diﬀerence between the carrying 
amount of the associate upon loss of signi/f_icant in/f_luence 
and the fair value of the retained investment and proceeds 
from disposal is recognized in the Statement of Pro/f_it and 
Loss.
1.3 Material accounting policies
A. Pr
operty, plant and equipment
  Property, plant and equipment are stated at original 
cost, less ac
cumulated depreciation and accumulated 
impairment losses, if any. Costs directly attributable to 
acquisition are capitalized until the property, plant and 
equipment are ready for use, as intended by management.
  When parts of an item of property, plant and equipment 
have diﬀerent useful life, they are accounted for as 
separate items (major components) of property, plant 
and equipment. The carrying amount of any component 
accounted for as a separate asset is de-recognized when 
replaced.
  Subsequent expenditure relating to property, plant and 
equipment is capitalized only when it is probable that 
future economic bene/f_its associated with these will /f_low 
to the Group and the cost of the item can be measured 
reliably.
  Freehold land is carried at historical cost of acquisition. 
Freehold land is not depreciated.
273
Notes Forming Part of the Consolidated Financial Statements (Contd.)
  
Depreciation methods, estimated useful lives and 
residual value:
 
 Depreciation is calculated using the straight-line method 
to allocate their cost over their estimated useful lives, from 
the date that they are available for intended use as follows:
Asset class Useful liv es
Buildings 60 years
Oﬃce equipment 5 years
Servers & network equipment 3-6 years
Furniture and /f_ittings 10 years
Vehicles 5 years
  Depreciation methods, useful lives and residual values are 
reviewed at each /f_inancial year end, with the eﬀect of any 
changes in estimate accounted for on a prospective basis.
  Repairs and maintenance costs are recognized in the 
Statement of Pro/f_it and Loss when incurred.
 Derecognition of property, plant and equipment
  A property, plant and equipment are derecognized on 
disposal, or when no future economic bene/f_its are expected 
from use or disposal. The cost and related accumulated 
depreciation are eliminated from the /f_inancial statements 
upon sale or disposition of the asset and the resultant 
gains or losses measured as the diﬀerence between the 
net disposal proceeds and the carrying amount of the 
asset, are recognized in the Statement of Pro/f_it and Loss.
B. Intangible assets
  
Intangible assets are recognized only if it is probable that 
the future economic bene/f_its tha
t are attributable to the 
assets will /f_low to the Group and the cost of the assets 
can be measured reliably. Directly attributable costs that 
are capitalized as part of the software include employee 
costs and an appropriate portion of relevant overheads. 
Expenditure on an intangible item is expensed when 
incurred unless it forms part of the cost of intangible asset 
that meets the recognition criteria. Intangible assets are 
stated at cost of acquisition and are carried at cost less 
accumulated amortization and impairment loss, if any. 
Intangible assets are amortized over their respective 
individual estimated useful lives on a straight-line basis, 
from the date that they are available for intended use. 
Amortization methods and useful lives are reviewed at 
each /f_inancial year end, with the eﬀect of any changes in 
estimate accounted for on a prospective basis.
  At each Balance Sheet date consideration is given to 
determine whether there is any indication of impairment 
of the carrying amounts of the Group’s intangible assets. 
If indication exists, an asset’s recoverable amount is 
estimated. An impairment loss is recognized in the 
Statement of Pro/f_it and Loss account whenever the 
carrying amount of an asset exceeds its recoverable 
amount.
  The estimated useful lives of intangible assets are as 
follows:
Asset class Useful lif e
Computer software & licence fees 5-10 years
Trademark and copyright 6-8 years
 Derecognition of intangible assets
  An intangible asset is derecognized on disposal, or when 
no future economic bene/f_its are expected from use or 
disposal. The cost and related accumulated amortization 
are eliminated from the /f_inancial statements and the 
resultant gains or losses arising from derecognition of 
an intangible asset, measured as the diﬀerence between 
the net disposal proceeds and the carrying amount of the 
asset, and are recognized in the Statement of Pro/f_it and 
Loss when the asset is derecognized.
  Purchase of any property, plant and equipment including 
intangible assets below `1,00,000/- is capitalized and fully 
depreciated in the same /f_inancial year.
C.  Capital work-in-progress (‘CWIP’) and intangible 
assets under dev
elopment
  Capital work-in-progress/intangible assets under 
development ar
e carried at cost, comprising direct 
cost, related incidental expenses and less impairment 
losses, if any. Advances given to acquire property, plant 
and equipment are recorded as non-current assets and 
subsequently transferred to CWIP on acquisition of related 
assets.
  Depreciation is not recorded on capital work-in-
progress and intangible assets under development until 
construction and installation are complete and the asset is 
ready for its intended use.
D. Impairment of non-financial assets
  
The Group assesses at each Balance Sheet date whether 
there is any indica
tion that an asset may be impaired, if 
such assets are considered to be impaired, the impairment 
to be recognized in the Statement of Pro/f_it and Loss is 
measured by the amount by which the carrying value of 
the assets exceeds the estimated recoverable amount of 
the asset. Impairment losses are reversed in the Statement 
of Pro/f_it and Loss only to the extent that the asset’s 
carrying amount does not exceed the carrying amount 
that would have been determined if no impairment loss 
had previously been recognized.
E. Cash and cash equivalents
  
Cash and short-term deposits in the Balance Sheet 
comprise cash a
t banks, cheque on hand, short-term 

--- page 154 ---
274
Financial S
tatements
MCX Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
Notes Forming Part of the Consolidated Financial Statements (Contd.)
deposits with a ma tur
ity of three months or less from 
the date of ac
quisition, that are readily convertible to a 
known amount of cash and subject to an insigni/f_icant risk 
of changes in value. These do not include bank balances 
earmarked/restricted for speci/f_ic purposes.
  For the purpose of the statement of cash /f_lows, cash and 
cash equivalents consist of cash and short-term deposits, 
as de/f_ined above as they are considered an integral part of 
the Group’s cash management.
F . Trade receivables
  
Trade receivables are amounts due from customers for 
services 
performed in the ordinary course of business 
and re/f_lects Group’s unconditional right to consideration 
(that is, payment is due only on the passage of time). Trade 
receivables are recognized initially at the transaction price 
as they do not contain signi/f_icant /f_inancing components. 
The Group holds the trade receivables with the objective 
of collecting the contractual cash /f_lows and therefore 
measures them subsequently at amortized cost using the 
eﬀective interest method, less loss allowance for credit 
impairment.
G. Trade and other payables
  
These amounts represent liabilities for goods and services 
provided t
o the Group prior to the end of /f_inancial period 
which are unpaid. Trade and other payables are presented 
as current liabilities unless payment is not due within 12 
months after the reporting period. They are recognized 
initially at their fair value and subsequently measured at 
amortized cost using the eﬀective interest method.
H. Cash flow statement
  
Cash /f_low statement are reported using the indirect 
method, whereb
y pro/f_it / (loss) before tax is adjusted for 
the eﬀects of transactions of non-cash nature and any 
deferrals or accruals of past or future cash receipts or 
payments. The cash /f_lows from operating, investing and 
/f_inancing activities of the Group are segregated.
I. Core settlement guarantee funds
  
As per SEBI vide circular no. CIR/MRD/DRMNP/25/2014 
dated A
ugust 27, 2014 every recognized clearing 
corporation shall establish and maintain a fund to 
guarantee the settlement of trades executed in the 
exchange. The clearing corporation shall have a fund called 
core SGF to guarantee the settlement of trades executed 
in the respective segment of the Stock Exchange. In the 
event of a clearing member failing to honour settlement 
commitments, the core SGF shall be used to ful/f_il the 
obligations of that member and complete the settlement 
without aﬀecting the normal settlement process. The 
core SGF shall be contributed in a manner as prescribed 
by SEBI. This fund is represented by earmarked core SGF 
investments. The income earned on such investments 
is credited to the respective contributor’s funds and 
adjusted towards incremental requirement of minimum 
required corpus (MRC) as per SEBI letter reference no. SEBI/
HO/MRD/DRMNP/OW/P/2018/4559/1 dated February 12, 
2018. Penalties and /f_ines levied by the subsidiary Company 
are transferred to core SGF as other contributions.
  The contribution to Settlement Guarantee Fund / Core 
Settlement Guarantee Fund by the Parent Company is 
recorded as an expense in the Consolidated Statement 
of Pro/f_it and Loss and contribution by its clearing 
corporation subsidiary is recorded as an appropriation 
from Group’s retained earnings and such amounts are 
separately disclosed as Core Settlement Guarantee Fund 
in the Consolidated balance sheet.
J. Fair value measurement
  
The Group measures /f_inancial instruments at fair value 
in accor
dance with accounting policies at each reporting 
date. Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an 
asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction 
between market participants at the measurement date. 
The fair value measurement is based on the presumption 
that the transaction to sell the asset or transfer the liability 
takes place either:
 - in the principal market for the asset or liability, or
 -  in the absence of a principal market, in the most 
advantageous market for the asset or liability. The 
principal or the most advantageous market must be 
accessible by the Group.
  All assets and liabilities for which fair value is measured 
or disclosed in the /f_inancial statements are categorized 
within the fair value hierarchy, described as follows, based 
on the lowest level input that is signi/f_icant to the fair value 
measurement as a whole:
 -  Level 1: Quoted (unadjusted) market prices in active 
markets for identical assets or liabilities.
 -  Level 2: Valuation techniques for which the lowest 
level input that is signi/f_icant to the fair value 
measurement is directly or indirectly observable.
 -  Level 3: Valuation techniques for which the lowest 
level input that is signi/f_icant to the fair value 
measurement is unobservable.
  For assets and liabilities that are recognized in the Balance 
Sheet on a recurring basis, the Group determines whether 
transfers have occurred between levels in the hierarchy 
by re-assessing categorization (based on the lowest level 
input that is signi/f_icant to the fair value measurement as a 
whole) at the end of each reporting period.
275
Notes Forming Part of the Consolidated Financial Statements (Contd.)
K. Fin
ancial instruments
  Financial instrument is any contract that gives rise to a 
/f_inancial asset of one entity and a /f_inancial liabilit
y or 
equity instrument of another entity.
 a. Financial assets:
  
 The Group measures its /f_inancial assets at fair 
value at each Balanc
e Sheet date. In this context, 
quoted investments are fair valued adopting the 
techniques de/f_ined in level 1 of fair value hierarchy 
of Ind-AS 113 and unquoted investments, where 
the observable input is not readily available, are fair 
valued adopting the techniques de/f_ined in level 3 of 
fair value hierarchy of Ind-AS 113 and securing the 
valuation report from the certi/f_ied valuer. However, 
trade receivables that do not contain a signi/f_icant 
/f_inancing component are measured at transaction 
price.
   The Group classi/f_ies a /f_inancial asset in accordance 
with the below criteria:
  i.  The Group’s business model for managing the 
/f_inancial asset and
  ii.  The contractual cash /f_low characteristics of the 
/f_inancial asset.
   Based on the above criteria, the Group classi/f_ies its 
/f_inancial assets into the following categories:
  i. Financial assets measured at amortized cost
  ii.  Financial assets measured at fair value through 
other comprehensive income (FVTOCI)
  iii.  Financial assets measured at fair value through 
pro/f_it or loss (FVTPL)
   A /f_inancial asset is measured at the amortized cost if 
both the following conditions are met:
  a.  The Group’s business model objective for 
managing the /f_inancial asset is to hold /f_inancial 
assets in order to collect contractual cash /f_lows, 
and
  b.  The contractual terms of the /f_inancial asset give 
rise on speci/f_ied dates to cash /f_lows that are 
solely payments of principal and interest on the 
principal amount outstanding.
   Amortized cost are represented by investment in 
interest bearing debt instruments, trade receivables, 
security deposits, cash and cash equivalents, 
employee and other advances and eligible current 
and non-current assets.
   A /f_inancial asset is measured at FVTOCI if both of 
the following conditions are met:
  a.  The Group’s business model objective for 
managing the /f_inancial asset is achieved both 
by collecting contractual cash /f_lows and selling 
the /f_inancial assets, and
  b.  The contractual terms of the /f_inancial asset give 
rise on speci/f_ied dates to cash /f_lows that are 
solely payments of principal and interest on the 
principal amount outstanding.
   However, the Group recognizes dividend income 
from such instruments in the Statement of Pro/f_it and 
Loss and fair value changes are recognized in other 
comprehensive income (OCI).
   A /f_inancial asset is measured at FVTPL unless it is 
measured at amortized cost or at FVTOCI as explained 
above. This is a residual category applied to all other 
investments of the Group. Such /f_inancial assets 
are subsequently measured at fair value at each 
reporting date. Fair value changes are recognized in 
the Statement of Pro/f_it and Loss.
   Financial assets are measured initially at fair value 
plus transaction costs and subsequently carried at 
amortized cost using the eﬀective interest method, 
less any impairment loss.
  Target maturity funds
   The Group intends to hold its investment in open 
ended target maturity funds till maturity. It may 
be noted that these funds have a pre-determined 
maturity date. These funds follow a passive buy 
and hold strategy; in which the existing underlying 
investment bonds are expected to be held till 
maturity unless sold for meeting redemptions or 
rebalancing requirements as stated in the scheme 
document. In our view, such strategy mitigates 
intermittent price volatility in open ended target 
maturity funds’ underlying investments; and 
investors who remain invested until maturity are 
expected to mitigate the market/volatility risk to 
a large extent. These funds can invest only in plain 
vanilla INR bonds with /f_ixed coupon and maturity; 
and cannot invest in /f_loating rate bonds. Based on 
this, the Group believes that the investments in open 
ended target maturity funds meet the requirements 
of SPPI test as per the requirements of Ind AS 109.
  Earmarked funds
   Earmarked Funds represent deposits, margins, 
etc. held for speci/f_ic purposes. These amounts are 

--- page 155 ---
276
Financial S
tatements
MCX Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
Notes Forming Part of the Consolidated Financial Statements (Contd.)
inv
ested and the same are earmarked in the Balance 
Sheet. I
nvestment income earned on /f_inancial 
instrument measured at amortized cost is credited to 
respective earmarked liabilities and not credited to 
the Statement of Pro/f_it and Loss. The gain/ (loss) on 
fair Value of the investments from these earmarked 
funds are shown as liabilities/asset and are not 
routed through the Statement of Pro/f_it and Loss.
  De-recognition
   Financial asset (or, where applicable, a part of a 
/f_inancial asset or part of a Group of similar /f_inancial 
assets) is primarily derecognized (i.e. removed from 
the Group’s Balance Sheet) when:
  -  The rights to receive cash /f_lows from the asset 
have expired, or
  -  The Group has transferred its rights to receive 
cash /f_lows from the asset or has assumed an 
obligation to pay the received cash /f_lows in full 
without material delay to a third party under a 
‘pass-through’ arrangement and either;
  a.  The Group has transferred substantially all the 
risks and rewards of the asset, or
  b.  The Group has neither transferred nor retained 
substantially all the risks and rewards of the 
asset, but has transferred control of the asset.
   When the Group has transferred its rights to receive 
cash /f_lows from an asset or has entered into a 
pass-through arrangement, it evaluates if and to 
what extent it has retained the risks and rewards 
of ownership. When it has neither transferred nor 
retained substantially all of the risks and rewards of 
the asset, nor transferred control of the asset, the 
Group continues to recognize the transferred asset 
to the extent of the Group’s continuing involvement. 
In that case, the Group also recognizes an associated 
liability. The transferred asset and the associated 
liability are measured on a basis that re/f_lects the 
rights and obligations that the Group has retained.
   On De-recognition of a /f_inancial asset (except for 
/f_inancial assets measured at FVTOCI), the diﬀerence 
between the carrying amount and the consideration 
received is recognized in the Statement of Pro/f_it and 
Loss.
  Impairment of /f_inancial assets
   The Group assesses impairment based on expected 
credit losses (ECL) model to the following:
  -  Financial assets measured at amortized cost
  -  Financial assets measured at fair value through 
other comprehensive income (FVTOCI)
  -  Financial assets measure at fair value through 
Pro/f_it and Loss (FVTPL)
   Expected credit losses are measured through a loss 
allowance at an amount equal to:
  -  The 12-months expected credit losses 
(expected credit losses that result from those 
default events on the /f_inancial instrument 
that are possible within 12 months after the 
reporting date); or
  -  Full lifetime expected credit losses (expected 
credit losses that result from all possible default 
events over the life of the /f_inancial instrument).
   For recognition of impairment loss on other /f_inancial 
assets and risk exposure, the Group determines 
whether there has been a signi/f_icant increase in the 
credit risk since initial recognition. If credit risk has 
not increased signi/f_icantly, 12-months ECL is used to 
provide for impairment loss. However, if credit risk 
has increased signi/f_icantly, lifetime ECL is used. If, in 
a subsequent period, credit quality of the instrument 
improves such that there is no longer a signi/f_icant 
increase in credit risk since initial recognition, then 
the Group reverts to recognizing impairment loss 
allowance based on 12-months ECL.
   ECL impairment loss allowance (or reversal) 
recognized during the year is recognized as income/
expense in the Statement of Pro/f_it and Loss.
   For assessing increase in credit risk and impairment 
loss, the Group combines /f_inancial instruments on 
the basis of shared credit risk characteristics with the 
objective of facilitating an analysis that is designed 
to enable signi/f_icant increases in credit risk to be 
identi/f_ied on a timely basis.
 b. Financial liabilities:
  
 The Group recognizes a /f_inancial liability in its Balance 
Sheet when it becomes part
y to the contractual 
provisions of the instrument.
   All non-current /f_inancial liabilities of the Group are 
measured at amortized cost using the eﬀective 
interest method. Under the eﬀective interest 
method, the future cash payments are exactly 
discounted to the initial recognition value using the 
eﬀective interest rate. The cumulative amortization 
using the eﬀective interest method of the diﬀerence 
between the initial recognition amount and the 
maturity amount is added to the initial recognition 
277
Notes Forming Part of the Consolidated Financial Statements (Contd.)
value (net of pr
incipal repayments, if any) of the 
/f_inancial liability ov
er the relevant period of the 
/f_inancial liability to arrive at the amortized cost at 
each reporting date. The corresponding eﬀect of 
the amortization under eﬀective interest method 
is recognized as interest expense over the relevant 
period of the /f_inancial liability. The same is included 
under /f_inance cost in the Statement of Pro/f_it and 
Loss.
  De-recognition
   A /f_inancial liability is derecognized when the 
obligation under the liability is discharged or 
cancelled or expires. When an existing /f_inancial 
liability is replaced by another from the same 
lender on substantially diﬀerent terms, or the terms 
of an existing liability are substantially modi/f_ied, 
such an exchange or modi/f_ication is treated as 
the de-recognition of the original liability and the 
recognition of a new liability. The diﬀerence in the 
respective carrying amounts is recognized in the 
Statement of Pro/f_it and Loss.
  Oﬀsetting of /f_inancial instruments
   Financial assets and /f_inancial liabilities are oﬀset and 
the net amount is reported in the Balance Sheet if 
there is a currently enforceable legal right to oﬀset 
the recognized amounts and there is an intention to 
settle on a net basis, to realize the assets and settle 
the liabilities simultaneously. The legally enforceable 
right must not be contingent on future events and 
must be enforceable in the normal course of business 
and in the event of default, insolvency or bankruptcy 
of the Company or the counterparty.
L. Revenue recognition
  
The Group has applied Ind AS 115 Revenue from Contracts 
with customers 
which establishes a comprehensive 
framework for determining whether, how much and when 
revenue is to be recognized.
  The Group derives revenue primarily from commodity 
services mainly in the form of transaction charges, data 
feed income, warehouse income and connectivity charges. 
The Group recognizes revenue when the signi/f_icant terms 
of the arrangement are enforceable, services have been 
delivered and the collectability is reasonably assured. 
The method for recognizing revenues depends on the 
nature of services rendered. Revenue is recognized on 
accrual basis and when no signi/f_icant uncertainty as to 
measurement and realization exists.
  The Group considers the terms of the contract in 
determining the transaction price. The transaction price is 
based upon the amount the Group expects to be entitled 
to in exchange for transferring of promised services to the 
customer after deducting allowances and incentives such 
as discounts, volume rebates etc. Revenue excludes any 
taxes and duties collected on behalf of the government.
 a.  Transaction charges: Transaction fee is charged 
based on the volume of transactions entered into 
by the respective member or client of the member 
through the Exchange. Revenue is recognized on 
transactions in accordance with the Group’s fees 
scales as and when the transaction occurs.
 b.  Data feed income, warehouse income and 
connectivity charges: revenue is recognized over 
the period of the contract with the customer. The 
revenue is calculated based on the speci/f_ied charges 
for data feed provided and is recognized in the period 
in which the performance obligation is satis/f_ied.
 c.  Interest income: Interest income is recognized, 
when no signi/f_icant uncertainty as to measurability 
or collectability exists, on a time proportion basis 
taking into account the amount outstanding and the 
applicable interest rate. The amounts disclosed as 
revenue are net of taxes and amounts collected on 
behalf of third parties.
 d.  Pro/f_it on sale of investments:  Pro/f_it on sale of 
investments is determined as the diﬀerence between 
the sales price and carrying value of investments at 
the time of disposal of these investments.
 e.  Other: all other revenue is recognized in the period 
in which the performance obligation is satis/f_ied over 
a period of time or point in time.
  In respect of members who have been declared as 
defaulters by the Group, all amounts (dues) remaining 
to be recovered from such defaulters, net of available 
security and insurance cover available if any, till the date of 
being declared as defaulters are written oﬀ as bad debts. 
All subsequent recoveries are accounted when received.
M. Foreign currency translation
  
The /f_inancial statements are presented in Indian rupee 
(`), which is Group’
s functional and presentation currency. 
Transactions in foreign currencies are recognized at 
the prevailing exchange rates on the transaction dates. 
Realized gains and losses on settlement of foreign 
currency transactions are recognized in the Statement of 
Pro/f_it and Loss.
  Monetary foreign currency assets and liabilities at the 
year-end are translated at the year-end exchange rates 
and the resultant exchange diﬀerences are recognized in 
the Statement of Pro/f_it and Loss.

--- page 156 ---
278
Financial S
tatements
MCX Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
Notes Forming Part of the Consolidated Financial Statements (Contd.)
N. Cur
rent and non-current classification
  All assets and liabilities have been classi/f_ied as current or 
non-curr
ent as per the Group’s normal operating cycle 
(twelve months) and other criteria set out in the Schedule 
III to the Act.
 Operating Cycle:
  Based on the nature of products / activities of the Group 
and the normal time between acquisition of assets and 
their realization in cash or cash equivalents, the Group 
has determined its operating cycle as 12 months for the 
purpose of classi/f_ication of its assets and liabilities as 
current and non-current.
O. Employee benefits expenses
 a. 
 Post-employment bene/f_its and other long term 
bene/f_its
  De/f_ined contribution plans
  
 The Group pays provident fund contributions to 
publicly administered Provident Funds as per local 
regulations. The Group has no further payment 
obligations once the contributions have been 
paid. Payments to de/f_ined contribution schemes 
are recognized as an expense when employees 
have rendered the service entitling them to the 
contribution.
  Gratuity
   In accordance with the Payment of Gratuity Act, 1972, 
the Company provides for a lump sum payment to 
eligible employees at retirement or termination of 
employment based on the last drawn salary and 
years of employment with the Company.
   The Company has maintained a Group Gratuity 
Cum Life Assurance Scheme with the Life Insurance 
Corporation of India (LIC) towards which it annually 
contributes a sum determined by LIC. The liability or 
asset recognized in the balance sheet in respect of 
de/f_ined bene/f_it gratuity plans is the present value 
of the de/f_ined bene/f_it obligation at the end of the 
reporting period less the fair value of plan assets. The 
cost of providing bene/f_its under the de/f_ined bene/f_it 
scheme is determined using the projected unit credit 
method with actuarial valuations being carried out 
at each Balance Sheet date, which recognizes each 
period of service as giving rise to additional unit of 
employee bene/f_it entitlement and measure each 
unit separately to build up the /f_inal obligation.
   The Group recognizes re-measurement gains and 
losses arising on de/f_ined bene/f_it gratuity plans in 
other comprehensive income (OCI) as they will never 
be reclassi/f_ied into pro/f_it or loss.
 b. Short-term employee bene/f_its
  
 The undiscounted amount of short term employee 
bene/f_its expect
ed to be paid in exchange for the 
services rendered by employees is recognized as 
an expense during the period when the employee 
renders those services. These bene/f_its include 
compensated absences such as leave expected to be 
availed within a year and performance incentives.
P . Taxes on Income (current and deferred)
  
Income tax expense comprises both current and deferred 
tax.
 a. Current income tax
  
 Current income tax for taxable pro/f_it before tax as 
report
ed in the Statement of Pro/f_it and Loss for the 
periods is recognized at the amount expected to be 
paid to or recovered from the tax authorities, using 
the tax rates and tax laws that have been enacted or 
substantively enacted by the Balance Sheet date.
   Income tax expense is recognized in the Statement 
of Pro/f_it and Loss except to the extent that it 
relates to items recognized in equity or in other 
comprehensive income (OCI).
   The Group oﬀsets current tax assets and current tax 
liabilities, where it has a legally enforceable right to 
set oﬀ the recognized amounts and where it intends 
either to settle on a net basis, or to realize the asset 
and settle the liability simultaneously.
   The Group recognizes interest levied and penalties 
related to income tax assessments in income tax 
expenses.
 b. Deferred income tax
  
 Deferred income tax is recognized using the Balance 
Sheet approach. Def
erred income tax assets and 
liabilities are recognized for all temporary diﬀerences 
arising between the tax bases of assets and 
liabilities and their carrying amounts in the /f_inancial 
statements. Deferred tax assets are reviewed at each 
reporting date and are reduced to the extent that it 
is no longer probable that the related tax bene/f_it will 
be realized.
   Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are 
measured using tax rates and tax laws that have been 
enacted or substantively enacted by the Balance 
Sheet date and are expected to apply to taxable 
income in the years in which those temporary 
279
Notes Forming Part of the Consolidated Financial Statements (Contd.)
diﬀer
ences are expected to be recovered or settled. 
The eﬀec
t of changes in tax rates on deferred income 
tax assets and liabilities is recognized as income or 
expense in the period that includes the enactment 
or the substantive enactment date.
   The carrying amount of deferred tax assets are 
reviewed at the end of each reporting period and 
is recognized to the extent that it is probable that 
future taxable pro/f_it will be available against which 
the deductible temporary diﬀerences and carrying 
forward of unused tax credits and unused tax 
losses can be utilized. Deferred tax relating to items 
recognized outside the Statement of Pro/f_it and 
Loss are recognized in correlation to the underlying 
transaction either in other comprehensive income 
(OCI) or directly in equity.
   Deferred tax assets and liabilities are oﬀset when 
there is a legally enforceable right to oﬀset current 
tax assets and liabilities and when the deferred tax 
balances relate to the same taxation authority.
Q. Ind AS 116 “Leases”
  
The Group assesses at contract inception whether a 
contr
act is, or contains, a lease. That is, if the contract 
conveys the right to control the use of an identi/f_ied asset 
for a period of time in exchange for consideration.
 a. Group as a lessee
  R igh
t-of-use assets:
   
The Group recognizes right-of-use assets (“RoU 
assets”) at the commencement date of the lease 
(i.e., the date the underlying asset is available for 
use). Right-of-use assets are measured at cost, less 
any accumulated depreciation and impairment 
losses, and adjusted for any remeasurement of lease 
liabilities. The cost of right-of-use assets includes the 
amount of lease liabilities recognized, initial direct 
costs incurred, and lease payments made at or before 
the commencement date less any lease incentives 
received. Right-of-use assets are depreciated on 
a straight-line basis over the shorter of the lease 
term and the estimated useful lives of the assets. If 
ownership of the leased asset transfers to the Group 
at the end of the lease term or the cost re/f_lects 
the exercise of a purchase option, depreciation is 
calculated using the estimated useful life of the 
asset. The right-of-use assets are also subject to 
impairment.
  Lease liabilities:
   At the commencement date of the lease, the Group 
recognizes lease liabilities measured at the present 
value of lease payments to be made over the lease 
term. The lease payments include /f_ixed payments 
(including in substance /f_ixed payments) less any 
lease incentives receivable, variable lease payments 
that depend on an index or a rate, and amounts 
expected to be paid under residual value guarantees. 
The lease payments also include the exercise price 
of a purchase option reasonably certain to be 
exercised by the Group and payments of penalties 
for terminating the lease, if the lease term re/f_lects 
the Group exercising the option to terminate. 
Variable lease payments that do not depend on an 
index or a rate are recognized as expenses (unless 
they are incurred to produce inventories) in the 
period in which the event or condition that triggers 
the payment occurs. In calculating the present value 
of lease payments, the Group uses its incremental 
borrowing rate at the lease commencement date 
because the interest rate implicit in the lease is not 
readily determinable.
   The lease liability is initially measured at the present 
value of the lease payments that are not paid at the 
commencement date, discounted using the interest 
rate implicit in the lease or, if that rate cannot be 
read after the commencement date, the amount of 
lease liabilities is increased to re/f_lect the accretion of 
interest and reduced for the lease payments made. 
In addition, the carrying amount of lease liabilities 
is remeasured if there is a modi/f_ication, a change 
in the lease term, a change in the lease payments 
(e.g., changes to future payments resulting from a 
change in an index or rate used to determine such 
lease payments) or a change in the assessment of 
an option to purchase the underlying asset. Lease 
liabilities has been presented under the head “Other 
/f_inancial liabilities” .
   Lease payments included in the measurement of the 
lease liability comprise the amounts expected to be 
payable over the period of lease. The lease liability is 
measured at amortized cost using eﬀective interest 
rate method. It is remeasured when there is a change 
in future lease payments arising from change in the 
index or rate.
   Lease liability and ROU asset have been separately 
presented in the Balance Sheet and lease payments 
(including interest) have been classi/f_ied as cash /f_lows 
from /f_inancing activities in Cash Flow Statement.
  Short-term leases and leases of low-value assets
   The Group applies the short-term lease recognition 
exemption to its short-term leases (i.e., those leases 

--- page 157 ---
280
Financial S
tatements
MCX Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
Notes Forming Part of the Consolidated Financial Statements (Contd.)
that ha
ve a lease term of 12 months or less from the 
commencemen
t date and do not contain a purchase 
option). It also applies the lease of low-value assets 
recognition exemption that are considered to be 
low value. Lease payments on short-term leases and 
leases of low-value assets are recognized as expense 
on a straight-line basis over the lease term.
 b. Group as a lessor
  
 Leases in which the Group does not transfer 
substantially all the risks and r
ewards of ownership 
of an asset are classi/f_ied as operating leases. Rental 
income from operating lease is recognized on a 
straight-line basis over the term of the relevant lease. 
Contingent rents are recognized as revenue in the 
period in which they are earned.
R.  Provisions, contingent liabilities, contingent assets 
and commitments
  
A provision is recognized when the Group has a present 
obligation as a result of past ev
ents and it is probable 
that an out/f_low of resources will be required to settle the 
obligation in respect of which a reliable estimate can be 
made.
  Provisions (excluding retirement bene/f_its) are not 
discounted to their present value and are determined 
based on the best estimate required to settle the 
obligation at the Balance Sheet date. These are reviewed 
at each Balance Sheet date and adjusted to re/f_lect the 
current best estimates.
  If the eﬀect of the time value of money is material, 
provisions are discounted using a current pre-tax rate that 
re/f_lects, when appropriate, the risks speci/f_ic to the liability. 
When discounting is used, the increase in the provision 
due to the passage of time is recognized as a /f_inance cost.
 Contingent liability is disclosed in the case of:
 -  a present obligation arising from past events, when 
it is not probable that an out/f_low of resources will be 
required to settle the obligation;
 -  a present obligation arising from past events, when 
no reliable estimate is possible;
 -  a possible obligation arising from past events, when 
the probability of out/f_low of resources is remote.
  Contingent liabilities are not disclosed in case the 
possibility of an out/f_low of resources embodying 
economic bene/f_its is remote. Contingent assets are not 
disclosed but recognized when economic in/f_low is certain.
  Commitments include the amount of purchase order (net 
of advances) issued to parties for completion of assets.
  Provisions, contingent liabilities, contingent assets and 
commitments are reviewed at each Balance Sheet date 
and adjusted to re/f_lect the current best estimates.
S. Exceptional items
  
Certain occasions, the size, type or incidence of an item 
of income or expense
, pertaining to the ordinary activities 
of the Group is such that its disclosure improves the 
understanding of the performance of the Group, such 
income or expense is classi/f_ied as an exceptional item and 
accordingly, disclosed in the notes accompanying to the 
/f_inancial statements.
T . Earnings per share
  
Basic earnings per share are computed by dividing the 
pro/f_it aft
er tax by the weighted average number of equity 
shares outstanding during the year. Diluted earnings 
per share is computed by dividing the pro/f_it after tax 
as adjusted for dividend, interest and other charges to 
expense or income (net of any attributable taxes) relating 
to the dilutive potential equity shares, by the weighted 
average number of equity shares considered for deriving 
basic earnings per share and the weighted average 
number of equity shares which could have been issued 
on the conversion of all dilutive potential equity shares. 
Potential equity shares are deemed to be dilutive only 
if their conversion to equity shares would decrease the 
net pro/f_it per share from continuing ordinary operations. 
Potential dilutive equity shares are deemed to be 
converted as at the beginning of the period, unless they 
have been issued at a later date. The dilutive potential 
equity shares are adjusted for the proceeds receivable had 
the shares been actually issued at fair value (i.e. average 
market value of the outstanding shares). Dilutive potential 
equity shares are determined independently for each 
period presented.
  In the case of a sub-division (split), the number of ordinary 
shares outstanding is adjusted for the increase in shares 
arising from the sub-division in both the current year and 
comparative periods, as if the event had occurred at the 
beginning of the earliest year presented.
U. Dividend
  
The Holding Company recognizes a liability to pay 
dividend to equity holders of the Holding C
ompany when 
the distribution is authorized. As per the corporate laws in 
India, a distribution is authorized when it is approved by 
the shareholders. A corresponding amount is recognized 
directly in equity.
V. Rounding of amounts
  
All amounts disclosed in the /f_inancial statements and 
notes hav
e been rounded oﬀ to the nearest crore as per 
the requirement of Schedule III, unless otherwise stated.
281
Notes Forming Part of the Consolidated Financial Statements (Contd.)
  
During the year, the Group has changed the presentation 
of /f_inancial /f_igures from INR in lak
hs (` in lakhs) to INR in 
crores (` in crores) for ease of readability and to align with 
industry practice. Accordingly, the /f_igures for previous 
periods have been regrouped and presented in ` in crores 
to conform to the current period presentation.
  This change does not have any impact on the reported 
pro/f_it, total equity or cash /f_lows of the Group.
W. Events after reporting date
  
Where events occurring after the Balance Sheet date 
provide evidenc
e of conditions that existed at the end of 
the reporting period, the impact of such events is adjusted 
within the /f_inancial statements. Otherwise, events after 
the Balance Sheet date of material size or nature are only 
disclosed.
 1.4 Key accounting estimates and Judgments
  
 The preparation of the Group’s consolidated /f_inancial 
statemen
ts requires the management to make 
judgements, estimates and assumptions that aﬀect 
the reported amounts of revenues, expenses, assets 
and liabilities, and the accompanying disclosures, and 
the disclosure of contingent liabilities. Uncertainty 
about these assumptions and estimates could result 
in outcomes that require a material adjustment to 
the carrying amount of assets or liabilities aﬀected in 
future periods.
   Estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed 
on a periodic basis. Revisions to accounting estimates 
are recognized in the period in which the estimates 
are revised and in any future periods aﬀected.
  Critical accounting estimates and assumptions:
   Critical accounting estimates require consideration 
of higher degree of judgement or complexity 
and relate to items that are more likely to be 
materially adjusted due to changes in estimates and 
assumptions from those originally assessed. The key 
assumptions concerning the future and other key 
sources of estimation uncertainty at the reporting 
date, which have a signi/f_icant risk of causing a 
material adjustment to the carrying amounts of 
assets and liabilities within the next /f_inancial year, 
are described below:
  Income taxes
   The Group’s tax jurisdiction is India. Signi/f_icant 
judgements are involved in estimating budgeted 
pro/f_its for the purpose of paying advance tax, 
determining the provision for income taxes, 
including amount expected to be paid/recovered for 
uncertain tax positions.
  Property, plant and equipment
   Property, plant and equipment represent a signi/f_icant 
proportion of the asset base of the Group. The 
charge in respect of periodic depreciation is derived 
after determining an estimate of an asset’s expected 
useful life and the expected residual value at the 
end of its life. The useful lives and residual values of 
Group’s assets are determined by the management 
at the time the asset is acquired and reviewed at each 
/f_inancial year end. The lives are based on historical 
experience with similar assets as well as anticipation 
of future events, which may impact their life, such as 
changes in technical or commercial obsolescence 
arising from changes or improvements in production 
or from a change in market demand of the product 
or service output of the asset.
  De/f_ined bene/f_it plans
   The cost of the de/f_ined bene/f_it plan and other 
post-employment bene/f_its and the present value 
of such obligation are determined using actuarial 
valuations. An actuarial valuation involves making 
various assumptions that may diﬀer from actual 
developments in the future. These include the 
determination of the discount rate, future salary 
increases, mortality rates and attrition rate. Due to 
the complexities involved in the valuation and its 
long-term nature, a de/f_ined bene/f_it obligation is 
highly sensitive to changes in these assumptions. All 
assumptions are reviewed at each reporting date.
  Fair value measurement of /f_inancial instruments
   When the fair values of /f_inancials assets and /f_inancial 
liabilities recorded in the Balance Sheet cannot 
be measured based on quoted prices in active 
markets, their fair value is measured using valuation 
techniques which involve various judgements and 
assumptions.
  Impairment of /f_inancial assets
   The impairment provisions for /f_inancial assets are 
based on assumptions about risk of default and 
expected loss rates. The Group uses judgement 
in making these assumptions and selecting the 
inputs to the impairment calculation, based on the 
Group’s past history, existing market conditions as 
well as forward looking estimates at the end of each 
reporting period.

--- page 158 ---
282
Financial S
tatements
MCX Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
Notes Forming Part of the Consolidated Financial Statements (Contd.)
  P r
ovisions
   
The timing of recognition and quanti/f_ication of 
the liability (including litigations) requires the 
application of judgement to existing facts and 
circumstances, which can be subject to change. The 
carrying amounts of provisions and liabilities are 
reviewed regularly and revised to take account of 
changing facts and circumstances.
1.5 Recent Accounting Pronouncements
  
During the year, the Ministry of Corporate Aﬀairs 
(MCA) has noti/f_ied the C
ompanies (Indian Accounting 
Standards) Amendment Rules, 2025 and the Companies 
(Indian Accounting Standards) Second Amendment Rules, 
2025, which are applicable for annual reporting periods 
beginning on or after April 01, 2025. The Signi/f_icant 
amendments and their impact on the Group are as follows:
 (a)  Amendments to Ind AS 1 – Presentation of 
Financial Statements
  
 The amendments clarify the criteria for classi/f_ication 
of liabilities as curren
t or non-current, particularly in 
relation to covenants attached to borrowings and 
the Group’s right to defer settlement.
 (b)  Amendments to Ind AS 7 – Statement of Cash 
Flows and 
Ind AS 107 – Financial Instruments: 
Disclosure
   The amendments introduce new disclosure 
requiremen
ts for supplier /f_inance arrangements 
(including reverse factoring arrangements), requiring 
entities to disclose information about the nature, 
extent, and /f_inancial impact of such arrangements.
 (c) Amendments to Ind AS 12 – Income Taxes
  
 The amendments introduce a temporary exception 
from rec
ognizing deferred tax assets and liabilities 
related to Pilar Two income taxes and require 
additional disclosures regarding exposure to such 
taxes.
 (d)  Amendments to Ind AS 21 – The Effects of 
Changes in For
eign Exchange Rates
   The amendments provide guidance on determining 
exchange r
ates when a currency is not exchangeable 
and introduce related disclosure requirements.
 (e) Other Amendments
  
 The amendments also include certain consequential 
and edit or
ial changes to other Ind AS standards, 
which do not have a material impact on the Group’s 
/f_inancial statements.
   The Group has reviewed the new pronouncements 
and based on its evaluation, has determined that the 
new pronouncement is not applicable to the Group.
283
Notes Forming Part of the Consolidated Financial Statements (Contd.)
2A. PROPERTY , PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
` in crores
Par
ticulars Freehold 
land
Buildings Oﬃce 
equipments 
(including 
computer 
hardware)
Furniture 
and /f_ittings
Vehicles Total
Gross carrying amount
Balance as at April 01, 2024 50.61 62.68 164.25 7.90 2.71 288.15 
Additions - - 68.90 0.06 1.73 70.69 
Disposals / adjustments - - 57.21 0.30 0.57 58.08 
Balance as at March 31, 2025 50.61 62.68 175.94 7.66 3.87 300.76 
Additions - - 47.04 0.97 0.94 48.95 
Disposals / adjustments - - 13.34 0.24 0.84 14.42 
Balance as at March 31, 2026 50.61 62.68 209.64 8.39 3.97 335.29 
Accumulated Depreciation 
Balance as at April 01, 2024 - 10.00 88.10 4.84 1.26 104.20 
Additions - 1.14 28.24 0.65 0.53 30.56 
Disposals / adjustments - - 57.20 0.30 0.25 57.75 
Balance as at March 31, 2025 - 11.14 59.14 5.19 1.54 77.01 
Additions - 1.15 37.23 0.66 0.73 39.77 
Disposals / adjustments - - 13.34 0.24 0.57 14.15 
Balance as at March 31, 2026 - 12.29 83.03 5.61 1.70 102.63 
Net carrying amount
Balance as at March 31, 2025 50.61 51.54 116.80 2.47 2.33 223.76 
Balance as at March 31, 2026 50.61 50.39 126.61 2.78 2.27 232.66 
 Assets given on operating lease:
Category of asset Ar ea in sq. feet Period 
Oﬃce no. 2  3,399  01.08.2023-31.07.2026 
Oﬃce no. 3  3,377  01.08.2023-31.07.2026 
2B. CAPITAL WORK/hyphen.capIN/hyphen.capPROGRESS
 As at March 31, 2026
` in crores
Balanc
e as at April 01, 2025  6.12 
Additions during the year  70.83 
Capitalized during the year  48.95 
Balance as at March 31, 2026  28.00 
 Capital work- in- progress ageing schedule (as on March 31, 2026)
 ` in crores 
Par
ticulars Amount in CWIP for a period of
Less than  
1 year
1-2  
years
2-3  
years
More than  
3 years
Total
Projects in process  28.00  -  -  -  28.00 
Projects temporarily suspended  -  -  -  -  - 
Total  28.00  -  -  -  28.00 

--- page 159 ---
284
Financial S
tatements
MCX Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
Notes Forming Part of the Consolidated Financial Statements (Contd.)
 C
apital work-in-progress: Projects with timeline delayed (as on March 31, 2026)
  As on March 31, 2026, there were no capital work-in-progress, where the actual cost of an asset/project has already exceeded the 
estimated c
ost as per original plan or actual timelines for completion of an asset/project have exceeded the estimated timelines 
as per original plan. Accordingly, no additional disclosure was required.
 As at March 31, 2025
` in crores
Balanc
e as at April 01, 2024  7.94 
Additions during the year  68.87 
Capitalized during the year  70.69 
Balance as at March 31, 2025  6.12 
 Capital work- in- progress ageing schedule (as on March 31, 2025)
 ` in crores 
Par
ticulars Amount in CWIP for a period of
Less than  
1 year
1-2  
years
2-3  
years
More than  
3 years
Total
Projects in process  6.12  -  -  -  6.12 
Projects temporarily suspended  -  -  -  -  - 
Total  6.12  -  -  -  6.12 
 Capital work-in-progress: Projects with timeline delayed (as on March 31, 2025)
  As on March 31, 2025, there were no capital work-in-progress, where the actual cost of an asset/project has already exceeded the 
estimated c
ost as per original plan or actual timelines for completion of an asset/project have exceeded the estimated timelines 
as per original plan. Accordingly, no additional disclosure was required.
2C. RIGHT OF USE ASSET
` in crores
Par
ticulars Lease of oﬃce 
premises
Total
Gross carrying amount
Balance as at April 01, 2024  4.69  4.69 
Additions (refer note 36)  0.14  0.14 
Disposals  -  - 
Balance as at March 31, 2025  4.83  4.83 
Additions (refer note 36)  4.86  4.86 
Disposals  -  - 
Balance as at March 31, 2026  9.69  9.69 
Accumulated depreciation 
Balance as at April 01, 2024  3.25  3.25 
Additions (refer note 36)  0.76  0.76 
Disposals  -  - 
Balance as at March 31, 2025  4.01  4.01 
Additions (refer note 36)  1.21  1.21 
Disposals  -  - 
Balance as at March 31, 2026  5.22  5.22 
Net carrying amount
Balance as at March 31, 2025  0.82  0.82 
Balance as at March 31, 2026  4.47  4.47 
285
Notes Forming Part of the Consolidated Financial Statements (Contd.)
3A. INTANGIBLE ASSETS
` in crores
Par
ticulars Computer software 
& license fees
Trademark and 
copyright
Total
Gross carrying amount
Balance as at April 01, 2024  278.16  0.09  278.25 
Additions  25.63  -  25.63 
Disposals / adjustments  49.41  -  49.41 
Balance as at March 31, 2025  254.38  0.09  254.47 
Additions  29.54  -  29.54 
Disposals / adjustments  0.21  -  0.21 
Balance as at March 31, 2026  283.71  0.09  283.80 
Accumulated amortization
Balance as at April 01, 2024  84.21  0.03  84.24 
Additions #  32.42  0.00  32.42 
Disposals / adjustments  49.41  -  49.41 
Balance as at March 31, 2025  67.22  0.03  67.25 
Additions  37.05  0.01  37.06 
Disposals / adjustments  0.20  -  0.20 
Balance as at March 31, 2026  104.07  0.04  104.11 
Net carrying amount
Balance as at March 31, 2025  187.17  0.06  187.22 
Balance as at March 31, 2026  179.64  0.05  179.69 
 #  /f_igures are below rounding oﬀ norms adopted by the Group. 
 Note:
 1. Capital and other contractual commitment (refer note 32)
 2.  Signi/f_icant estimate: Useful life of intangible assets. As at March 31, 2026, the net carrying amount of the software & license 
fees was `179.64 crores (as on March 31, 2025: `187.17 crores). The Company estimates the useful life of the software based 
on the expected technical obsolescence of such assets. However, the actual useful life may deviate, depending on future 
technical innovations and competitor action.
3B. INTANGIBLE ASSETS UNDER DEVELOPMENT
 As at March 31, 2026
` in crores
Balanc
e as at April 01, 2025  12.15 
Additions during the year  20.00 
Capitalized during the year  29.54 
Balance as at March 31, 2026  2.61 
 Intangible assets under development ageing schedule (as on March 31, 2026)
 ` in crores 
Par
ticulars Amount in CWIP for a period of
Less than  
1 year
1-2  
years
2-3  
years
More than  
3 years
Total
Projects in process  1.53  1.08  -  -  2.61 
Projects temporarily suspended  -  - 
Total  1.53  1.08  -  -  2.61 

--- page 160 ---
286
Financial S
tatements
MCX Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
Notes Forming Part of the Consolidated Financial Statements (Contd.)
 I
ntangible assets under development: Projects with timeline delayed (as on March 31, 2026)
  As on March 31, 2026, there were no intangible assets under development, whose completion is overdue or has exceeded its 
cost compar
ed to its original plan. Accordingly, no additional disclosure was required.
 As at March 31, 2025
` in crores
Balanc
e as at April 01, 2024  7.93 
Additions during the year  30.11 
Capitalized during the year  25.63 
Write oﬀ / adjustments  0.26 
Balance as at March 31, 2025  12.15 
 Intangible assets under development ageing schedule (as on March 31, 2025)
 ` in crores 
Par
ticulars Amount in CWIP for a period of
Less than  
1 year
1-2  
years
2-3  
years
More than  
3 years
Total
Projects in process  8.23  3.92  -  -  12.15 
Projects temporarily suspended  -  -  -  -  - 
Total  8.23  3.92  -  -  12.15 
 Intangible assets under development: Projects with timeline delayed (as on March 31, 2025)
  As on March 31, 2025, there were no intangible assets under development, whose completion is overdue or has exceeded its 
cost compar
ed to its original plan. Accordingly, no additional disclosure was required.
4. NON/hyphen.capCURRENT INVEST MENTS
Particulars As a t March 31, 2026 As at March 31, 2025
Quantity ` in crores Quantity ` in crores
A Investments in equity instruments (unquoted fully paid up)
(i) of Associate - cost (refer note 40)
Countrywide Commodity Repository Limited (formerly 
known as CDSL Commodity Repository Limited)
 1,20,00,000  11.69  1,20,00,000  12.00 
(Equity share of `10 each)
Add: Share of loss of associate (net of tax)  -  (0.59)  -  (0.31)
India International Bullion Holding IFSC Limited  50,00,00,000  48.55  30,00,00,000  25.13 
(Equity share of `1 each)
Add: Additional investment during the year  -  -  20,00,00,000  20.00 
Add: Share of pro/f_it of associate (net of tax)  -  0.32  -  3.42 
 59.97  60.24 
B Investments other than subidiary and associates
(i) Investment in target maturity funds - amortized cost 
(unquoted)
 215.37  202.40 
(ii) Investment in PSU bonds - amortized cost (quoted)  200.82  99.76 
(iii) Investment in PSU bank bonds - amortized cost (quoted)  239.40  250.57 
(iv) Investment in State Development Loan - amortized cost 
(quoted)
 619.32  261.11 
287
Notes Forming Part of the Consolidated Financial Statements (Contd.)
Particulars As a t March 31, 2026 As at March 31, 2025
Quantity ` in crores Quantity ` in crores
(v) Investment in G-sec STRIPS - amortized cost (quoted)  234.05  - 
 1,508.96  813.84 
Total  1,568.93  874.08 
Aggregate amount of quoted investments  1,495.12  610.00 
Aggregate market value of quoted investments  1,293.59  611.44 
Aggregate amount unquoted investments  237.00  237.00 
Aggregate fair value of unquoted investments  275.34  262.64 
5. OTHER NON CURRENT FINANCIAL STATEMENT
` in crores
Par
ticulars As at  
March 31, 2026
As at  
March 31, 2025
Security deposits  10.21  10.35 
Bank deposits with more than 12 months maturity (refer note 11)
- Earmarked*  672.92  138.35 
- Others  624.73  191.57 
Interest accrued but not due on /f_ixed deposits**  24.47  2.74 
Total  1,332.33  343.01 
  *- Bank deposits includes deposits which are earmarked for Settlement Guarantee Fund `648.32 crores (as at March 31, 2025:  
`129.64 crores) Earmarked deposits are restricted and includes deposits towards defaulter members, investor services fund, core 
settlement guarantee fund and other restricted deposits.
  **Interest accrued on /f_ixed deposits which are earmarked for settlement guarantee fund `16.52 crores (as at March 31, 2025:  
`0.73 crores).
6. INCOME TAX ASSETS /parenleft.capNET/parenright.cap
` in crores
Par
ticulars As at  
March 31, 2026
As at  
March 31, 2025
Advance income tax (net of provisions) - ` nil (as at March 31, 2025: `975.68 crores)  -  15.90 
Total  -  15.90 
 *includes TDS receivable on /f_ixed deposit on SGF of ` Nil (as at March 31, 2025: `1.15 crores)
 6.1:  The Group is subject to tax assessments and ongoing proceedings, which are pending before various Tax Appellate 
Authorities. Management periodically evaluates the positions taken in tax returns with respect to such matters, including 
unresolved tax disputes, which involves interpretation of applicable tax regulations and judicial precedents. Current 
tax liability and tax asset balances are presented, after recognizing as appropriate, provision for taxes payable and 
contingencies, basis management’s assessment of outcome, of such ongoing proceedings and amounts that may become 
payable to the tax authorities. Considering the nature of such estimates and uncertainties involved, the amount of such 
provisions may change upon /f_inal resolution of the matters with tax authorities. Refer also note 32 for details of contingent 
liabilities and litigations.

--- page 161 ---
288
Financial S
tatements
MCX Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
Notes Forming Part of the Consolidated Financial Statements (Contd.)
7. OTHER NON/hyphen.capCURRENT ASSETS
` in crores
Par
ticulars As at  
March 31, 2026
As at  
March 31, 2025
Capital advances  -  0.51 
Others
Prepaid expenses  0.10  0.88 
Total  0.10  1.39 
8. CURRENT  INVEST MENTS
Particulars As a t March 31, 2026 As at March 31, 2025
Quantity ` in crores Quantity ` in crores
A Investments in equity instruments (unquoted fully paid up) 
of other Entities - FVTOCI
(i) Metropolitan Stock Exchange of India Limited 33,17,77,008 32.18 33,17,77,008 17.25 
(Equity share of `1 each)
32.18 17.25 
B Investments other than equity instruments
(i) Investment in mutual funds - FVTPL (unquoted)* 1,228.56 447.30 
(ii) Investment in treasury bills - amortized cost (quoted) 19.84 - 
1,248.40 447.30 
C Current maturities of long-term investments
(i) Investment in exchange traded funds - FVTPL (quoted) - 42.58 
(ii) Investment in PSU bank bonds - amortized cost (quoted) 99.79 20.05 
99.79 62.63 
Total 1,380.37 527.18 
*Earmarked towards the Investor Service Fund and Core Settlement Guarantee Fund - aggregate value `1.09 crores (as at March 
31, 2025: `2.36 crores)
Aggregate amount of quoted investments 120.00 50.00 
Aggregate market value quoted investments 119.63 62.63 
Aggregate amount unquoted investments 1,249.35 497.23 
Aggregate fair value of unquoted investments 1,260.74 464.55 
9. TRADE RECEIVABLES
` in crores
Par
ticulars As at  
March 31, 2026
As at  
March 31, 2025
Secured, considered good*  -  9.02 
Unsecured, considered good  63.98  19.84 
Undisputed – credit impaired  0.18  0.18 
 64.16  29.04 
Less: Allowance for doubtful trade receivables (refer note 40.c.vii)  (0.18)  (0.18)
Total  63.98  28.86 
 *secured by bank guarantees//f_ixed deposit from members (refer note 17 & 20).
289
Notes Forming Part of the Consolidated Financial Statements (Contd.)
 9.1 
Trade receivables are dues in respect of services rendered in the normal course of business.
 9.2 T
he normal credit period allowed by the Company ranges from 0 to 30 days.
 9.3  There are no dues from directors or other oﬃcers of the Company or any of them either severally or jointly with any other 
person or debts due by /f_irms or private companies respectively, in which any director is a partner or a director or a member.
 9.4 Credit risk management regarding trade receivables has been described in note 40.c.vii.
 9.5 Trade receivables have a short credit period and does not have any signi/f_icant /f_inancing components.
 Trade receivables ageing schedule (as at March 31, 2026)
 ` in crores 
Par
ticulars Outstanding for following periods from due date of payment
Less than  
6 months
6 months - 
1 year
1-2  
years
2-3  
years
More than  
3 years
Total
(i)  Undisputed trade receivables – Secured 
considered good
 -  -  -  -  -  - 
(ii)  Undisputed trade receivables – considered good  63.94  0.01  0.01  -  0.02  63.98 
(iii)  Undisputed trade receivables – which have 
signi/f_icant increase in credit risk
 -  -  -  -  -  - 
(iv)  Undisputed Trade Receivables – credit impaired  -  -  0.01  0.01  0.16  0.18 
(v)  Disputed trade receivables– considered good  -  -  -  -  -  - 
(vi)  Disputed trade receivables – which have 
signi/f_icant increase in credit risk
 -  -  -  -  -  - 
(vii) Disputed trade receivables – credit impaired  -  -  -  -  -  - 
Total  63.94  0.01  0.02  0.01  0.18  64.16 
Allowance for doubtful trade receivables  
(refer note 40.c.vii)
 (0.18)
Total trade receivables  63.98 
 Trade receivables ageing schedule (as at March 31, 2025)
 ` in crores 
Par
ticulars Outstanding for following periods from due date of payment
Less than  
6 months
6 months -  
1 year
1-2  
years
2-3  
years
More than  
3 years
Total
(i)  Undisputed trade receivables – Secured 
considered good
 9.02  -  -  -  -  9.02 
(ii) Undisputed trade receivables – considered good  19.84  -  -  -  -  19.84 
(iii)  Undisputed trade receivables – which have 
signi/f_icant increase in credit risk
 -  -  -  -  -  - 
(iv) Undisputed trade receivables – credit impaired  0.10  0.02  -  -  0.06  0.18 
(v) Disputed trade receivables– considered good  -  -  -  -  -  - 
(vi)  Disputed trade receivables – which have 
signi/f_icant increase in credit risk
 -  -  -  -  -  - 
(vii) Disputed trade receivables – credit impaired  -  -  -  -  -  - 
Total  28.96  0.02  -  -  0.06  29.04 
Allowance for doubtful trade receivables (refer 
note 40.c.vii)
 (0.18)
Total trade receivables  28.86 

--- page 162 ---
290
Financial S
tatements
MCX Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
Notes Forming Part of the Consolidated Financial Statements (Contd.)
10. CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
` in crores
Par
ticulars As at  
March 31, 2026
As at  
March 31, 2025
Balances with banks
- in current accounts  231.76  128.26 
Fixed deposits with original maturity less than 3 month  588.00  210.35 
Total  819.76  338.61 
11. BANK BALANCES OTHER THAN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
` in crores
Par
ticulars As at  
March 31, 2026
As at  
March 31, 2025
Bank deposits  3,009.68  1,891.86 
Less: Bank deposits with more than 12 months maturity (refer note 5)  (1,297.65)  (329.92)
Bank deposits with less than 12 months maturity*  1,712.03  1,561.94 
In current account
- Earmarked fund**  4.48  0.62 
- Unpaid dividend accounts  0.63  0.50 
Total  1,717.14  1,563.06 
 *Bank deposits include: 
 a.  deposits which are earmarked for Settlement Guarantee Fund `675.90 crores (as at March 31, 2025: `748.69 crores) and 
others `15.89 crores (as on March 31, 2025: `15.68 crores).
 b.  deposits other than note (a) which are under lien with banks for overdraft facilities and bank guarantee `149.34 crores (as 
at March 31, 2025: `196.30 crores).
 **Includes balance `0.33 crores (as at March 31, 2025: `0.03 crores) in SGF earmarked bank accounts.
12. OTHER CURRENT FINANCIAL ASSETS
` in crores
Par
ticulars As at 
March 31, 2026
As at 
March 31, 2025
Security deposits 0.96 0.47
Unbilled revenue* 34.85 15.50
Unsecured, considered good (unless stated otherwise)
Other receivables 5.53 5.59
Less: Provision for doubtful receivables - -
5.53 5.59
Interest accrued but not due on /f_ixed deposits
- earmarked** 23.97 50.07
- others 6.49 70.73
Interest accrued but not due on PSU Bank bonds 10.32 7.56
Interest accrued but not due on PSU bonds 8.76 3.47
Interest accrued but not due on state development loan - bonds 13.39 6.79
Total 104.27 160.18
 *secured by bank guarantees / /f_ixed deposit from members (refer note 17 & 20).
291
Notes Forming Part of the Consolidated Financial Statements (Contd.)
  
**Include interest of `23.64 cror es (as at March 31, 2025: `48.82 crores) on /f_ixed deposits which are earmarked for settlement 
guarantee fund and interest on other earmarked deposits towards defaulter members, investor services fund and other restricted 
deposits.
13. OTHER CURRENT ASSETS
` in crores
Par
ticulars As at  
March 31, 2026
As at  
March 31, 2025
a) Unsecured, considered good (unless stated otherwise)
 Prepaid expenses  20.57  11.79 
 Balance with government authorities  33.39  20.23 
 Advances for supply of services other than capital advances  12.13  10.62 
 Other advances  0.23  0.19 
Total (A)  66.32  42.83 
b) Unsecured, considered doubtful
 Other recoverable  2.82  2.82 
 Less: Provision for doubtful advance  (2.82)  (2.82)
Total (B)  -  - 
Total (A) + (B)  66.32  42.83 
14. EQUIT Y SHARE CAPITAL
Particulars As a t March 31, 2026 As at March 31, 2025
Number of 
shares
` in  
crores
Number of 
shares
` in  
crores
Authorized
Equity shares of `2/- each (March 31, 2025: `10/- each) 35,00,00,000 70.00 7,00,00,000 70.00 
Issued
Equity shares of `2/- each (March 31, 2025: `10/- each) 25,49,91,845 51.00 5,09,98,369 51.00 
Subscribed and paid-up
Equity shares of `2/- each (March 31, 2025: `10/- each) 25,49,91,845 51.00 5,09,98,369 51.00 
25,49,91,845 51.00 5,09,98,369 51.00 
 a. Reconciliation of the number of equity shares outstanding at the beginning and at the end of the reporting year:
Particulars As a t March 31, 2026 As at March 31, 2025
Number of 
shares
` in  
crores
Number of 
shares
` in  
crores
Opening balance at the beginning of the year 5,09,98,369 51.00 5,09,98,369 51.00 
Add: Sub-division/split of 1 share of face value `10 each 
into such number share of face value `2 each eﬀective 
January 02, 2026 (Increase in shares on account of 
subdivision/split) (refer note d below)
20,39,93,476 - - - 
Closing balance at the end of the year 25,49,91,845 51.00 5,09,98,369 51.00 
 b. Rights, preferences and restrictions attached to equity shares:
   The Company has only one class of/uni00A0shares referred to as equity shares having a par value of `2/- per share. Each holder of 
equit
y shares is entitled to one vote per share. The Company declares and pays dividend in Indian Rupees. The dividend 
recommended by the Board of Directors is subject to the approval of the shareholders at the ensuing annual general 
meeting, except in the case of interim dividend. In the event of liquidation of the Company, the holders of equity shares 
will be entitled to receive remaining assets of the Company, after distribution of all preferential amounts in the proportion 
of equity shares held.

--- page 163 ---
292
Financial S
tatements
MCX Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
Notes Forming Part of the Consolidated Financial Statements (Contd.)
 c
. Details of shares held by each shareholder holding more than 5% Shares:
Name of shareholders As a t March 31, 2026 As at March 31, 2025
Number of 
shares % of holding Number of 
shares % of holding
Kotak Mahindra Bank Limited  3,82,48,775 15%  76,49,755 15%
 d. Sub-division/split of equity shares
  
 The Board of Directors of Holding Company at its meeting held on August 01, 2025, approved the sub-division of each 
equity share of fac
e value of `10/- (Rupees Ten only) each, fully paid up, into 5 (/f_ive) equity shares having face value of 
`2/- (Rupees Two only) each, fully paid up. Further, in the AGM held on September 12, 2025, shareholders’ approval was 
obtained through postal ballot process with a requisite majority. The record date for the said sub-division was /f_ixed on 
January 02, 2026. Pursuant to sub-division/split of shares eﬀective January 02, 2026 (“Record Date”), the paid up equity 
share capital of the Holding Company is `51.00 crores, consisting of 25,49,91,845 equity shares having face value of `2/- 
(Rupees Two only) each fully paid-up.
 e.  During the year ended March 31, 2009, the shareholders of the Company approved the ‘Employee Stock Options Plan 
2008 (‘ESOP – 2008’). Under the said scheme, 16,25,000 equit
y shares of `10 each have been allotted to ESOP trust who 
will administer the ESOP scheme on behalf of the Company. Lapsed options available for reissuance are 4,77,755 shares on 
account of sub-division of shares during the year (As at March 31, 2025: 95,551) shares. During the year,there are no shares 
granted under Employee Stock Option Scheme.
 f.   There are no shares reserved for issue under options and contracts / commitments for the sale of shares / disinvestments.
 g.  There are no bonus shares issued or bought back during the period of /f_ive years immediately preceding the reporting date.
 h.  Shares allotted as fully paid-up pursuant to contract without payment being received in cash during the year of /f_ive years 
immediately pr
eceding the date of the balance sheet as Nil.
15. OTHER EQUITY 
` in crores
Par
ticulars Reserves and surplus Reserves and surplus Total
Securities 
premium
Retained 
earnings
General 
reserve
Re-measurements 
gain/(loss) on 
the de/f_ined 
employee bene/f_it 
plans and equity 
instruments
Share of 
pro/f_it / 
(loss) in 
associates
Balance as at March 31, 2024 216.84 987.32 164.49 (43.64) 2.47 1,327.47
Pro/f_it for the year - 560.04 - - - 560.04
Transfer to settlement guarantee fund 
(Refer note 44)
- (17.38) - - - (17.38)
Dividend - (38.96) - - - (38.96)
Equity instruments through other 
comprehensive income (net of tax)
- - - 2.30 1.03 3.33
Other comprehensive income arising from 
re-measurement of employee bene/f_its 
obligation (net of tax)
- - - (1.10) - (1.10)
293
Notes Forming Part of the Consolidated Financial Statements (Contd.)
` in crores
Par
ticulars Reserves and surplus Reserves and surplus Total
Securities 
premium
Retained 
earnings
General 
reserve
Re-measurements 
gain/(loss) on 
the de/f_ined 
employee bene/f_it 
plans and equity 
instruments
Share of 
pro/f_it / 
(loss) in 
associates
Balance as at March 31, 2025 216.84 1,491.02 164.49 (42.44) 3.50 1,833.40
Pro/f_it for the year - 1,331.55 - - - 1,331.55
Transfer to settlement guarantee fund 
(Refer note 44)
- (232.36) - - - (232.36)
Dividend - (153.00) - - - (153.00)
Equity instruments through other 
comprehensive income (net of tax)
- - - 12.79 4.63 17.42
Other comprehensive income arising from 
re-measurement of employee bene/f_its 
obligation (net of tax)
- - - (0.08) - (0.08)
Balance as at March 31, 2026 216.84 2,437.21 164.49 (29.73) 8.13 2,796.94
 Notes:
 General reserve
  
The general reserve created from time to time transfer of pro/f_its from retained earnings for appropriation purposes. As the 
general reser
ve created by a transfer from one component of equity to another and is not an item of other comprehensive 
income, items included in general reserve will not be reclassi/f_ied to the Statement of Pro/f_it and Loss.
 Retained earnings
  
The same re/f_lects surplus/de/f_icit after taxes in the Statement of Pro/f_it and Loss. The amount that can be distributed by the 
holding Company as dividends t
o its equity shareholders is determined based on the balance in this reserve and also considering 
the requirements of the Companies Act, 2013.
 Securities premium
  
Securities premium is used to record the premium on issue of shares. The reserve can be utilized only for limited purpose such 
as issuance of bonus shares in ac
cordance with the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013.
 Other comprehensive income
 a. 
 Equity instruments through other comprehensive income – This repr esents the cumulative gains and losses arising on 
the revaluation of equity instruments measured at fair value through other comprehensive income, under an irrevocable 
option, net of amounts reclassi/f_ied to retained earnings when such assets are disposed oﬀ.
 b.  Re-measurements gain/(loss) on the de/f_ined employee bene/f_it plan – This represents the cumulative gains and losses 
arising on re-measurements on the de/f_ined employee bene/f_it plan.
 c. Share of pro/f_it / (loss) in associates -  This represents the cumulative share of other comprehensive income of associates.

--- page 164 ---
294
Financial S
tatements
MCX Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
Notes Forming Part of the Consolidated Financial Statements (Contd.)
16. CORE SETTLEMENT GUARANTEE FUND /parenleft.capCORE SGF/parenright.cap /parenleft.capREFER NOTE 44/parenright.cap 
` in crores
Par
ticulars As at  
March 31, 2026
As at  
March 31, 2025
Opening balance (cash component) 930.14 780.56 
Add: 
 Mulity Commodity Exchange Clearing Corporation Limited - Contribution 276.88 49.02 
 Mulity Commodity Exchange of India Limited - contribution 92.95 47.78 
 Settlement related penalties 67.32 52.78 
Total 1,367.29 930.14 
17. OTHER NON/hyphen.capCURRENT FINANCIAL LIABILITIES
` in crores
Par
ticulars As at  
March 31, 2026
As at  
March 31, 2025
Payable to members
- Trade / security deposits* 56.42 49.14 
- Others 2.58 2.58 
Employee bene/f_its payable 9.48 6.02 
Security deposits 0.28 0.28 
Total 68.76 58.02 
  *includes base minimum capital (cash) from members; in addition to the cash component of base minimum capital, the amount 
of bank guarantees//f_ixed deposits receipts (non cash component) forming part of base minimum capital as on March 31, 2026 
`24.98 crores (as on March 31, 2025: `19.88 crores).
18. NON/hyphen.capCURRENT PR OVISIONS
` in crores
Par
ticulars As at  
March 31, 2026
As at  
March 31, 2025
Provision for compensated absences (refer note 39)  4.37  3.49 
Total  4.37  3.49 
19. TRADE PAYABLES 
` in crores
Par
ticulars As at  
March 31, 2026
As at  
March 31, 2025
Total outstanding dues of micro enterprises and small enterprises (refer note 46)  3.50  0.88 
Total outstanding dues of creditors other than micro enterprises and small 
enterprises 
 189.41  84.75 
Total  192.91  85.63 
 Payables are generally settled within 0 - 30 days 
295
Notes Forming Part of the Consolidated Financial Statements (Contd.)
 T
rade payables ageing schedule (as at March 31, 2026)
` in crores
Par
ticulars Outstanding for following periods from due date of 
payment
Accrued 
expense
Total
Not due Less than  
1 year
1-2  
years
2-3  
years
More than  
3 years
(i) MSME  3.50  -  -  -  -  -  3.50 
(ii) Others  46.33  21.79  -  -  -  121.29  189.41 
(iii) Disputed dues - MSME  -  -  -  -  -  -  - 
(iv) Disputed dues - Others  -  -  -  -  -  -  - 
Total  49.83  21.79  -  -  -  121.29  192.91 
 Trade payables ageing schedule (as at March 31, 2025)
` in crores
Par
ticulars Outstanding for following periods from due date of 
payment
Accrued 
expense
Total
Not due Less than  
1 year
1-2  
years
2-3  
years
More than  
3 years
(i) MSME  0.82  0.06  -  -  -  -  0.88 
(ii) Others  27.00  0.90  -  -  -  56.85  84.75 
(iii) Disputed dues - MSME  -  -  -  -  -  -  - 
(iv) Disputed dues - Others  -  -  -  -  -  -  - 
Total  27.82  0.96  -  -  -  56.85  85.63 
20. OTHER CURRENT FINANCIAL LIABILITIES 
` in crores
Par
ticulars As at  
March 31, 2026
As at  
March 31, 2025
Advance received from members and applicants towards 
- Trading margin from members 2,301.13 1,054.56 
- Member's security deposits* 47.82 48.32 
- Application money (pending admission) 0.26 0.26 
Employee bene/f_its payable 46.54 33.19 
SEBI regulatory fund 0.08 0.08 
Unclaimed dividends (refer note 54) 0.63 0.62 
Warehouse deposit 1.14 0.34 
Members obligation for transaction fees 0.20 0.22 
Trade / security deposits from settlement bankers 23.00 23.00 
Payable for purchase of /f_ixed assets 37.70 19.76 
Security deposits from depository participants 0.02 0.02 
Other /f_inancial liabilities 0.79 0.41 
Total 2,459.31 1,180.78 
  *includes base minimum capital (cash) from members; in addition to the cash component of base minimum capital, the amount 
of bank guarantees//f_ixed deposits receipts (non cash component) forming part of base minimum capital as on March 31, 2026 
`55.13 crores (as on March 31, 2025: `46.74 crores).

--- page 165 ---
296
Financial S
tatements
MCX Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
Notes Forming Part of the Consolidated Financial Statements (Contd.)
21. OTHER CURRENT LIABILITIES 
` in crores
Par
ticulars As at  
March 31, 2026
As at  
March 31, 2025
Statutory remittances 408.11 127.92 
Payable to Multi Commodity Exchange Investor Protection Fund (IPF) (refer note 52) 6.27 6.55 
Investor services fund (ISF)* 28.98 11.33 
Advance received from members and applicants 3.16 3.67 
Income received in advance 4.99 3.06 
Total 451.51 152.53 
  *SEBI vide its circular CIR/CDMRD/DEICE/CIR/P/2017/53 dated June 13, 2017 has mandated to set up Investor Service Fund (ISF) 
for providing basic minimum facilities at various Investor Service Centres. Accordingly, contribution made during the year is 
`20.91 crores (March 31, 2025: `9.62 crores), investment income `1.12 crores (March 31, 2025: `0.62 crores), and utilized `4.38 
crores (March 31, 2025: `7.62 crores).
22. CURRENT  PR OVISIONS 
` in crores
Par
ticulars As at  
March 31, 2026
As at  
March 31, 2025
Provision for compensated absences (refer note 39)  0.70  0.68 
Provision for gratuity (refer note 39)  3.18  2.22 
Total  3.88  2.90 
23. INCOME TAX LIABILITIES /parenleft.capNET/parenright.cap 
` in crores
Par
ticulars As at  
March 31, 2026
As at  
March 31, 2025
Provision for tax [net of advance tax `1,270.73 crores (as at March 31, 2025: ` nil)]  61.20  - 
Total  61.20  - 
 *includes TDS receivable on /f_ixed deposit on SGF of `2.58 crores (as at March 31, 2025: nil)
 23.1:  The Group is subject to tax assessments and ongoing proceedings, which are pending before various Tax Appellate 
Authorities. Management periodically evaluates the positions taken in tax returns with respect to such matters, including 
unresolved tax disputes, which involves interpretation of applicable tax regulations and judicial precedents. Current 
tax liability and tax asset balances are presented, after recognizing as appropriate, provision for taxes payable and 
contingencies, basis management’s assessment of outcome, of such ongoing proceedings and amounts that may become 
payable to the tax authorities. Considering the nature of such estimates and uncertainties involved, the amount of such 
provisions may change upon /f_inal resolution of the matters with tax authorities. Refer also note 32 for details of contingent 
liabilities and litigations.
297
Notes Forming Part of the Consolidated Financial Statements (Contd.)
24. REVENUE FROM OPERATIONS
` in crores
Par
ticulars Y ear ended  
March 31, 2026
Y ear ended  
March 31, 2025
Revenue from contracts with customers:
Sale of services
Transaction fees  2,090.96  961.80 
Annual subscription fees  2.82  2.74 
Membership admission fees  4.20  2.80 
Terminal charges  0.49  0.24 
Total (A)  2,098.47  967.58 
Other operating revenues
Connectivity income  14.82  9.24 
Other recoveries from members  8.54  7.70 
Income from margin money  154.59  96.38 
Data feed income  14.88  12.55 
Warehouse income  10.70  19.21 
Total (B)  203.53  145.08 
Total (A+B)  2,302.00  1,112.66 
Revenue Recognized
Point in time  2,103.70  972.30 
Over the period of time  198.30  140.36 
Total  2,302.00  1,112.66 
 Reconciliation of revenue recognized with contract price:
` in crores
Par
ticulars Y ear ended  
March 31, 2026
Y ear ended  
March 31, 2025
Contract Price  2,306.99  1,115.72 
Adjustments for contract liabilities  (4.99)  (3.06)
Revenue from contracts with customers  2,302.00  1,112.66 
25. OTHER INCOME
` in crores
Par
ticulars Y ear ended  
March 31, 2026
Y ear ended  
March 31, 2025
Investment income
Interest income from /f_inancial assets at amortized cost:
- on bank deposits 4.78 2.83 
- on PSU Bank bonds 25.25 18.35 
- on PSU bonds 10.38 6.83 
- on state development loans 32.36 19.94 
- on target maturity funds 12.96 12.96 
- on G-SEC (STRIPS) 0.32 - 
Gain arising on /f_inancial assets measured at FVTPL (net) 30.93 21.99 
Total (A) 116.98 82.90 

--- page 166 ---
298
Financial S
tatements
MCX Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
Notes Forming Part of the Consolidated Financial Statements (Contd.)
` in crores
Par
ticulars Y ear ended  
March 31, 2026
Y ear ended  
March 31, 2025
Other income:
Rental income from operating lease 0.88 0.62 
Provisions / liability no longer required written back 7.67 8.29 
Consultancy fees 0.31 
Pro/f_it on sale of assets 0.26 0.04 
Miscellaneous income 0.96 0.94 
Interest income
- on income tax refund 0.30 3.06 
- from others - 0.04 
Total (B) 10.07 13.30 
Total (A) + (B) 127.05 96.20 
26. EMPLOYEE BENEFITS EXPENSE
` in crores
Par
ticulars Y ear ended  
March 31, 2026
Y ear ended  
March 31, 2025
Salaries and wages  167.89  135.21 
Contribution to provident and other funds (refer note 39)  8.60  6.84 
Compensated absences (refer note 39)  2.23  1.74 
Staﬀ welfare expenses  1.39  0.46 
Total  180.11  144.25 
27. PRODUCT LICENSE FEES
` in crores
Par
ticulars Y ear ended  
March 31, 2026
Y ear ended  
March 31, 2025
Product license fees  107.96  69.42 
Total  107.96  69.42 
28. FINANCE  C OSTS
` in crores
Par
ticulars Y ear ended  
March 31, 2026
Y ear ended  
March 31, 2025
Interest expenses on:
- Interest on lease liabilities (refer note 36)  0.29  0.17 
- Others  0.07  0.28 
Total  0.36  0.45 
299
Notes Forming Part of the Consolidated Financial Statements (Contd.)
29. INFORM A TION TECHNOLOGY AND RELATED EXPENSES
` in crores
Par
ticulars Y ear ended  
March 31, 2026
Y ear ended  
March 31, 2025
Software support and communication charges  104.74  92.70 
Total  104.74  92.70 
30. CONTRIBUTION TO STATUTORY FUNDS AND REGULATORY FEES
` in crores
Par
ticulars Y ear ended  
March 31, 2026
Y ear ended  
March 31, 2025
Contribution to Settlement Gurantee Fund (refer note 44)  104.55  48.09 
Contribution to Multi Commodity Exchange Investor Protection Fund (IPF) (refer 
note 52)
 20.91  9.62 
Contribution to Investor Service Fund  20.91  9.62 
SEBI regulatory fees  17.36  12.12 
Total  163.73  79.45 
31. OTHER EXPENSES
` in crores
Par
ticulars Y ear ended  
March 31, 2026
Y ear ended  
March 31, 2025
Advertisement  9.30  0.48 
Electricity charges  5.00  5.59 
Rent  4.66  6.72 
Repairs and maintenance - others  1.30  0.89 
Insurance  1.14  0.93 
Rates and taxes  0.34  0.24 
Travelling and conveyance  7.14  5.80 
Printing and stationery  0.30  0.29 
Business promotion  9.22  1.51 
CSR related expenses (refer note 42)  6.16  2.67 
Legal and professional fees  24.07  12.43 
Sponsorships and seminar expenses  4.24  1.09 
Membership fees and subscriptions  1.84  1.10 
Security service charges  1.52  1.42 
Provision for doubtful other receivables  5.37  - 
Payment to the auditors
- For audit  0.26  0.24 
- For taxation matters  0.01  - 
- For other services  0.02  - 
- Reimbursement of out of pocket expenses  0.01  0.01 
 0.30  0.25 

--- page 167 ---
300
Financial S
tatements
MCX Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
Notes Forming Part of the Consolidated Financial Statements (Contd.)
` in crores
Par
ticulars Y ear ended  
March 31, 2026
Y ear ended  
March 31, 2025
Net loss on foreign currency transactions and translations  0.29  0.22 
Directors sitting fees  6.29  5.53 
Oﬃce expenses  5.16  3.28 
Miscellaneous expenses  5.24  11.09 
Total  98.88  61.53 
32. CONTINGENT LIABILITIES AND COMMITMENTS /parenleft.capTO THE EXTENT NOT PROVIDED FOR/parenright.cap:
` in crores
Par
ticulars As at  
March 31, 2026
As at  
March 31, 2025
Contingent liabilities:
Claims against the Group not acknowledged as debts:
-  Income tax demands against which the Group is in appeals  
(including interest upto the date of order) (net of recti/f_ication orders)
 153.28  137.44 
- GST demands (excluding interest)  13.41  6.28 
- Others: Legal & regulatory matters  45.79  0.11 
Capital commitments:
The estimated amount of capital contracts remaining to be executed and not 
provided for (net of advances)
 70.90  18.73 
  The Group is subject to tax assessments and ongoing proceedings, which are pending before various Tax Appellate Authorities. 
Management periodically evaluates the positions taken in tax returns with respect to such matters, including unresolved tax 
disputes, which involves interpretation of applicable tax regulations and judicial precedents. Current tax liability and tax asset 
balances are presented, after recognizing as appropriate, provision for taxes payable and contingencies basis management’s 
assessment of outcome of such ongoing proceedings and amounts that may become payable to the tax authorities. Considering 
the nature of such estimates and uncertainties involved, the amount of such provisions may change upon /f_inal resolution of the 
matters with tax authorities.
  In addition to the matters as speci/f_ied in contingent liabilities above, the Group is subject to legal proceedings and claims, which 
have arisen in the ordinary course of business, the impact of which is unascertainable. The Group’s management does not expect 
that the legal actions, when ultimately concluded and determined, will have adverse eﬀect on the Group’s /f_inancial statements.
  The Company received various correspondences from regulator on matters relating to operations, technology, etc. of the 
Company, including inspections from regulator which have been replied to by the Company. The Company’s management do 
not expect any material impact on the /f_inancial statements of the Company, except for the amount disclosed above.
33. TAXATION 
 The major component of tax expenses for the year are as under:
` in crores
Par
ticulars  Y ear ended 
 March 31, 2026  March 31, 2025 
Current income tax  346.24  119.55 
Short provision for tax relating to previous years  0.64  5.76 
Deferred tax  11.90  14.05 
Total income tax expense  358.78  139.36 
301
Notes Forming Part of the Consolidated Financial Statements (Contd.)
 Rec
onciliation of tax expenses:
` in crores (except as otherwise stated)
Par
ticulars  Y ear ended 
 March 31, 2026  March 31, 2025 
Reconciliation:
Pro/f_it for the year before share of pro/f_it / (loss) in associate:  1,695.23  697.31 
Applicable tax rate for respective companies 25.17% 25.17%
Computed expected tax expense  426.69  175.54 
Income taxed at diﬀerent rate  (3.25)  (0.73)
Non deductible expenditure  1.91  1.44 
FVTPL adjustment pertains to Investment  (1.60)  (6.67)
Contribution to SGF  (58.89)  (3.56)
Setoﬀ of Business Loss  (7.80)  (33.35)
Others  (10.82)  (13.12)
Short provision for tax relating to previous years  0.64  5.76 
Income tax expense per the Statement of Pro/f_it and Loss  346.88  125.31 
 Note:
 The applicable Indian statutory income tax rate for year ended March 31, 2026 is 25.17% (March 31, 2025: 25.17%.)
 Deferred tax relates to the following:
` in crores
Par
ticulars  Balance Sheet 
As at 
March 31, 2026
As at 
March 31, 2025
Expenses allowable on payment basis  4.30  6.89 
Other items giving rise to temporary diﬀerences (including impact on fair value 
of investments)
 (3.50)  (1.91)
Diﬀerence between WDV of property, plant and equipment & intangible assets as 
per books of accounts & income tax
 (39.57)  (31.30)
Diﬀerence between WDV of right of use assets as per books of accounts & income tax  (1.13)  (0.21)
Lease liability  1.20  0.26 
Deferred tax liabilities  (38.70)  (26.27)
 Reconciliation of deferred tax assets / (liabilities) net:
` in crores
Par
ticulars As at  
March 31, 2026
As at  
March 31, 2025
Opening deferred tax (liabilities) / asset  (26.27)  (8.19)
Tax (expense) / income during the period recognized in pro/f_it & loss account  (11.90)  (14.05)
Diﬀerences on other comprehensive income  (0.53)  (4.03)
Closing deferred tax liabilities  (38.70)  (26.27)

--- page 168 ---
302
Financial S
tatements
MCX Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
Notes Forming Part of the Consolidated Financial Statements (Contd.)
34. SEGMENT  REPORTING
  Ind AS 108 establishes standards for the way that Companies report information about operating segments and related disclosures 
about produc
ts and services, and geographical areas. Based on the risks and returns identi/f_ied, organizational structure and 
the internal /f_inancial reporting system, the business segment is the primary segment for the Group and accordingly “business 
of facilitating trading in commodities and incidental activities thereto” is considered as the only primary reportable business 
segment. Further, since the Group renders services only in the domestic market in India and there is no geographical segment.
35. FOREIGN  CURRENCY TRANSACTIONS
` in crores
Par
ticulars  Y ear ended 
 March 31, 2026  March 31, 2025 
Expenditure in foreign currency
- License fees  123.50  76.64 
- Membership and subscription  1.14  1.21 
- Professional charges  0.06  - 
- Foreign travelling  -  0.04 
- Computer technology and communication expenses  0.38  0.15 
- Software license fees expenses  0.94  0.91 
- Sponsorships and seminar expenses  0.23  0.17 
Earnings in foreign exchange
- Consultancy fees  -  0.31 
- Data feed income  10.47  8.53 
36. LEASE:
  The Holding Company’s leasing arrangements are in respect of operating leases for oﬃce premises. The rent period range 
betw
een 2 years to 9 years and usually renewable on mutually agreed terms.
 a. The movement in lease liabilities during the year:
` in crores
Par
ticulars March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Opening balance  1.01  1.66 
Additions during year  4.86  0.14 
Finance costs incurred during the year  0.29  0.17 
Payment of lease liabilities  (1.39)  (0.96)
Closing balance  4.77  1.01 
 b. The carrying value of the right of use asset and depreciation charged during the year
` in crores
Par
ticulars March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Opening balance  0.82  1.44 
Additions during year  4.86  0.14 
Depreciation charged during the year  1.21  0.76 
Closing Balance  4.47  0.82 
303
Notes Forming Part of the Consolidated Financial Statements (Contd.)
 c
. Amounts recognized in statement of pro/f_it and loss:
` in crores
Par
ticulars March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Depreciation on right of use asset  1.21  0.76 
Finance costs incurred during the year  0.29  0.17 
Rent expense  1.43  1.49 
Total amounts recognized in the statement of pro/f_it and loss  2.93  2.42 
 d. Maturity analysis of lease liabilities
` in crores
Par
ticulars March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Maturity Analysis of contractual undiscounted cash /f_lows
Less than one year  1.37  0.88 
More than one year  4.72  0.46 
Total undiscounted lease liability  6.09  1.34 
Non-current lease liability  3.83  0.31 
Current lease liability  0.93  0.70 
Total lease liability  4.76  1.01 
 e. Extension and termination options
   Extension and termination options are included in many of the leases. In determining the lease term, the Management 
considers all facts and cir
cumstances that create an economic incentive to exercise an extension option, or not exercise a 
termination option. This assessment is reviewed if a signi/f_icant event or a signi/f_icant change in circumstances occurs which 
aﬀects this assessment and that is within the control of the Group.
37. EARNINGS  PER  SHARE
  The following is a reconciliation of the equity shares used in the computation of basic and diluted earnings per equity 
share:
Particulars  Year ended 
 March 31, 2026  March 31, 2025 
Weighted average shares outstanding - basic & diluted  25,49,91,845  25,49,91,845 
Weighted average shares outstanding - basic & diluted  25,49,91,845  25,49,91,845 
  Net pro/f_it available to equity shareholders of the Group used in the basic and diluted earnings per equity share was 
determined as follo
ws:
` in crores, except EPS
Par
ticulars  Y ear ended 
 March 31, 2026  March 31, 2025 
Earnings available to equity shareholders  1,331.55  560.04 
Earnings available for equity shareholders for diluted earnings per share  1,331.55  560.04 
Basic earnings per share  52.22  21.96 
Diluted earning per share  52.22  21.96 
  Pursuant to the approval of the shareholders at the Annual General Meeting of the Holding Company held on September 12, 
2025, each Equity share of face value of `10 per share was sub-divided into 5 Equity shares oﬀace value of `2 per share with 
eﬀect from the record date, i.e., January 02, 2026. Consequently, the basic and diluted earnings per share have been recomputed 
for the previous year on the basis of the new number of Equity shares in accordance with Ind AS 33 - Earnings per Share.

--- page 169 ---
304
Financial S
tatements
MCX Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
Notes Forming Part of the Consolidated Financial Statements (Contd.)
  
The Holding Company does not have any outstanding dilutive potential equity shares. Consequently, the basic and diluted 
earning per share of the Gr
oup remain the same.
38. RELATED PARTY INFORMATION
 Names of related parties and nature of relationship:
Nature of relationship Name of related party
Associa
te companies Countrywide Commodity Repository Limited (formerly known as CDSL Commodity Repository 
Limited (CCRL))@
India International Bullion Holding IFSC Limited (IIBH)
Key managerial personnel (KMP) Dr. Harsh Kumar Bhanwala (independent Director)
Mr. Ashutosh Vaidya (independent Director)
Mr. Mohan Narayan Shenoi (non independent director)
Mr. Chandra Shekhar Verma (independent Director)
Mr. Arvind Kathpalia (non independent director)
Ms. Sonu Bhasin (independent Director)
Mr. Navrang Saini (independent Director)
Ms. Suparna Tandon, Nominee of NABARD (upto July 19, 2024) (non independent director)$
Ms. Praveena Rai, (w.e.f. October 31, 2024) MD & CEO##
Mr. Chandresh Shah, (CFO Designate w.e.f. April 18, 2024, and CFO w.e.f. May 01, 2024) CFO##
Ms. Manisha Thakur, Company Secretary##
Mr. P .S. Reddy, (upto May 09, 2024) MD & CEO
Mr. Satyajeet Bolar, (upto April 30, 2024) Chief Financial Oﬃcer ##
Others:
Mr. Manoj Jain#
Mr. Sunil Batra#(Chief Technology Oﬃcer- Designate w.e.f. April 26, 2024, and CTO w.e.f. May 
01, 2024)
Mr. Rajendran Narayanan# (upto April 07, 2025)
Mr. Shailendra Aggarwal# (w.e.f. May 23, 2024)
Mr. Praveen Dalavai Ganapathi#
Mr. Chittaranjan Rege#
Mr. Shivanshu Mehta#
Mr. Rishi Nathany#
Mr. Himanshu Ashar#
Mr. Pravin Gade#
Mr. Radheshyam Yadav#
Mrs. Ruchi Shukla#
Mr. Sambit Patnaik# (upto May 31, 2025)
Ms. Rashmi Nihalani#
Mr. Sougat Ghosh# (w.e.f. March 03, 2025)
Mr. Kaushal Mehta#
Mr. Armaan Gaus#
Mr. Abhishek Govilkar# (upto July 08, 2025)
Mr. Naresh Bhuta# (upto May 31, 2025)
Ms. Kavita Ravichandran# (upto December 09, 2025)
Mr. Mithun Nayak#
Ms. Kirtida Nagda# (w.e.f. September 11, 2025)
Mr. Baiju Budhwani# (w.e.f. September 15, 2025)
Ms. Kavita Shrivastav# (w.e.f. September 15, 2025)
305
Notes Forming Part of the Consolidated Financial Statements (Contd.)
Nature of relationship Name of related party
Mr
. Ramesh Gurram# (upto September 27, 2024)
Mr. Chirag Aspi Sodawaterwalla# (upto December 24, 2024)
Mr. Harvinder Singh# (upto November 22, 2024)
Mr. Mitesh Thakkar# (w.e.f. November 28, 2024 & upto March 11, 2025)
Mr. Sunny Singh# (w.e.f. February 10, 2026)
Mr. Narendra Kumar Ahlawat (upto March 31, 2026)
Mr. Mandar Kulkarni
Mr. Rajesh Agrawal
Mr. Soundararajan Venkatadas
Mr. Praveen Kotian
Mr. Himanshu Raja (upto October 10, 2024)
Mr. Anilkumar Varma
Mr. Arnav Datta
Mr. M Ramalingam
Mr. Mihir Malode
Mr. Fardeen Siddiquee (w.e.f. November 19, 2024)
Mr. Pradip Govind Gurav (w.e.f. December 10, 2024)
Mr. S. Ganesh Kumar (upto February 16, 2026)
Close Member of KMPs or 
company in which KMP is 
interested and where transaction 
exists
Mr. Prasad Dalavai Ganapathi 
Ms. Shilpa Gade 
Mr. Nitin Agarwal 
Ms. Zarin Gaus 
Ms. Rashmi Mithun Nayak 
Mr. Manjnath Baburay Nayak 
Ms. Neeta Manjnath Nayak
Others& Kotak Mahindra Bank Limited (as a result of holding more than 10% of equity share capital)
India International Bullion Exchange IFSC Limited (Wholly Owned Subsidiary of India 
International Bullion Holding IFSC Limited)
India International Depository IFSC Limited (Wholly Owned Subsidiary of India International 
Bullion Holding IFSC Limited)
Company in which director is 
interested and where transaction 
exists
 -
Employee welfare trust MCX ESOP Trust
  @ CDSL Commodity Repository Limited is considered as an associate w.e.f. October 26, 2018 being date of appointment of MCX 
nominee Director on it’s board.
 # Identi/f_ied as KMP’s under SECC Regulations, 2018 by the nomination and remuneration committee.
 ##  Identi/f_ied as KMP’s under Section 2(51) of The Companies Act, 2013.
 $  Directors sitting fees paid to NABARD.
 &  Associate and subsidiaries of associate identi/f_ied as per SEBI LODR.

--- page 170 ---
306
Financial S
tatements
MCX Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
Notes Forming Part of the Consolidated Financial Statements (Contd.) Transactions with related parties: 
 The details of transactions with related parties for year ended March 31, 2026 are as follows:
` in crores
Particulars March 31, 2026
Associate Others Total
Countrywide 
Commodity 
Repository 
Limited 
(formerly 
known 
as CDSL 
Commodity 
Repository 
Limited)
India 
International 
Bullion 
Holding 
IFSC Limited 
(IIBH)
Kotak 
Mahindra 
Bank
MCX ESOP 
Trust
KMP’s Close 
member 
of KMPs or 
company in 
which KMP is 
interested
Transactions
Re-imbursements charged to the Company  -    -    -    -    0.04  -    0.04 
Recoveries charged by the Company  -    -    -    1.56  -    -    1.56 
Professional fees for Committee Meeting  -    -    -    -    0.03  -    0.03 
Sitting fees paid  -    -    -    -    4.07  -    4.07 
Dividend paid #  -    -    22.95  0.29  0.04  0.00  23.28 
Balances as at March 31, 2026
Investments  12.00  50.00  -    -    -    -    62.00 
 #  /f_igures are below rounding oﬀ norms adopted by the Group. 
307
Notes Forming Part of the Consolidated Financial Statements (Contd.)
 Transactions with related parties: 
 The details of transactions with related parties for year ended March 31, 2025 are as follows:
` in crores
Particulars March 31, 2026
Associate Others Total
Countrywide 
Commodity 
Repository 
Limited 
(formerly 
known 
as CDSL 
Commodity 
Repository 
Limited)
India 
International 
Bullion 
Holding 
IFSC Limited 
(IIBH)
Kotak 
Mahindra 
Bank
MCX ESOP 
Trust
KMP’s Close 
member 
of KMPs or 
company in 
which KMP is 
interested
Transactions
Re-imbursements charged to the Company  0.03  -    0.03 
Recoveries charged by the Company  0.05  -    -    0.05 
Professional fees for Committee Meeting  -    -    -    -    0.06  -    0.06 
Sitting fees paid  -    -    -    -    3.95  -    3.95 
Dividend paid#  -    -    5.84  0.07  0.01  0.00  5.92 
Investments in:
Equity share capital (face value `1)  20.00 
Balances as at March 31, 2025
Outstanding balance receivable  -    -    -    0.02  -    -    0.02 
Investments  12.00  50.00  -    -    -    -    62.00 
 #  /f_igures are below rounding oﬀ norms adopted by the Group. 
 Terms and conditions of transactions with related parties
  The services provided to and received from related parties are made on terms equivalent to those that prevail in arm’s length transactions. Outstanding balances at the year end 
are unsecured
, interest free and will be settled in cash. There have been no guarantees received or provided for any related party receivables or payable.

--- page 171 ---
308
Financial S
tatements
MCX Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
Notes Forming Part of the Consolidated Financial Statements (Contd.)
 C
ompensation of key managerial personnel of the Company
` in crores
Par
ticulars  Y ear ended 
 March 31, 2026  March 31, 2025 
Short-term employment bene/f_its  26.40  20.48 
Post-employment bene/f_its  1.77  1.48 
 Transactions with key managerial personnel:
` in crores
Par
ticulars  Y ear ended 
 March 31, 2026  March 31, 2025 
1. Salary and allowances paid / payable:
 Mr. P .S. Reddy (upto May 09, 2024)  -  0.34 
 Ms. Praveena Rai (w.e.f. October 31, 2024)  3.97  1.52 
 Ms. Manisha Thakur  0.78  0.61 
 Mr. Satyajeet Bolar (upto April 30, 2024)  -  0.21 
  Mr. Chandresh Shah (CFO Designate w.e.f. April 18, 2024, and CFO w.e.f. May 
01, 2024)
 1.27  0.96 
 Others  21.57  18.33 
2. Dividend paid  0.04  0.01 
  *Excludes gratuity and long term compensated absences, if any, which are actuarially valued at Company level and where 
separate amounts are not identi/f_iable.
 Notes:
 1. There are no amounts written oﬀ or written back during the year in respect of debts due from or to related parties.
 2.  KMPs as on the respective dates are considered and amount paid to ex-employee who were erstwhile KMP’s are not 
included above.
 3. 50% of variable pay is payable after 3 years subject to certain conditions.
39. EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS:
1. a. Post employment de/f_ined bene/f_it plans:
  
The Group makes annual contributions to the employee’s Group gratuity assurance scheme administered by the Life Insurance 
Corpor
ation of India (‘LIC’), a funded de/f_ined bene/f_it plan for qualifying employees. The scheme provides for lump sum payment 
to vested employees at retirement, death while in employment or on termination of employment of an amount equivalent 
to /f_ifteen days salary payable for each completed year of service or part thereof in excess of six months. Vesting occurs on 
completion of /f_ive years of service.
  The following tables set out the funded status of the gratuity plans and the amounts recognized in the Group’s /f_inancial 
statements as at March 31, 2026 and March 31, 2025.
` in crores
Par
ticulars  Y ear ended 
 March 31, 2026  March 31, 2025 
Change in bene/f_it obligations
Present value of bene/f_it obligation at the beginning of the year  19.19  15.85 
Interest cost  1.32  1.14 
Current service cost  2.54  1.89 
Bene/f_its paid from the fund  (0.79)  (0.92)
Actuarial (gains)/losses on obligations - due to change in /f_inanancial assumptions  (1.43)  0.75 
Actuarial (gains)/losses on obligations - due to experience  1.59  0.48 
Present value of bene/f_it obligations at the end of the year  22.42  19.19 
309
Notes Forming Part of the Consolidated Financial Statements (Contd.)
` in crores
Par
ticulars  Y ear ended 
 March 31, 2026  March 31, 2025 
Change in plan assets
Fair value of plan assets at the beginning of the year  16.97  16.15 
Interest income  1.16  1.17 
Return on plan assets excluding interest income  0.06  (0.14)
Contributions by the employer  1.83  0.72 
Bene/f_its paid from the fund  (0.79)  (0.93)
Fair value of plan assets at the end of the year  19.23  16.97 
Net (liability) / asset recognized in the Balance Sheet  (3.19)  (2.22)
  Amount for the year ended March 31, 2026 and March 31, 2025 recognized in the Statement of Pro/f_it and Loss under employee 
bene/f_its expenses.
` in crores
Reco
gnized in Pro/f_it and Loss  Y ear ended 
March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Current service cost  2.54  1.89 
Net interest cost  0.15  (0.03)
Expenses recognized  2.69  1.86 
 Amount for the year ended March 31, 2026 and March 31, 2025 recognized in Statement of other comprehensive income (OCI):
` in crores
Reco
gnized in other comprehensive income (OCI)  Y ear ended 
March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Actuarial losses on obligation for the year  0.17  1.24 
(Return) / loss on plan assets excluding amounts included in the net interest on 
the net de/f_ined bene/f_it liability/(asset)
 (0.06)  0.14 
Net expense for the year recognized in OCI  0.11  1.38 
  The weighted-average assumptions used to determine bene/f_it obligations as at March 31, 2026 and March 31, 2025 are set out 
below:
` in crores
Weigh
ted average actuarial assumptions As at  
March 31, 2026
As at  
March 31, 2025
Discount rate 7.48% 6.81%
Weighted average rate of increase in compensation levels 7.50% 7.50%
Weighted average duration of de/f_ined projected bene/f_it obligation 12 12
` in crores
Sensitivit
y analysis As at  
March 31, 2026
As at  
March 31, 2025
Projected bene/f_it obligation on current assumptions  22.31  19.17 
Delta eﬀect of +1% change in rate of discounting  (1.89)  (1.75)
Delta eﬀect of -1% change in rate of discounting  2.18  2.03 
Delta eﬀect of +1% change in rate of salary increase  2.15  2.00 
Delta eﬀect of -1% change in rate of salary increase  (1.91)  (1.76)
Delta eﬀect of +1% change in rate of employee turnover  (0.08)  (0.15)
Delta eﬀect of -1% change in rate of employee turnover  0.09  0.17 

--- page 172 ---
310
Financial S
tatements
MCX Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
Notes Forming Part of the Consolidated Financial Statements (Contd.)
 A
dditional details:
 Methodology adopted for valuation is projected unit credit method.
  S
ensitivity analysis is an analysis which will give the movement in liability if the assumptions were not proved to be true on 
diﬀerent count. This only signi/f_ies the change in the liability if the diﬀerence between assumed and the actual is not following 
the parameters of the sensitivity analysis.
 Since investment is with insurance company, assets are considered to be secured.
  Assumptions regarding future mortality experience are set in accordance with the Indian Assured Lives Mortality (2012-14) 
Urban.
  Expected rate of return on plan assets is based on expectation of the average long term rate of return expected to prevail over 
the estimated term of the obligation on the type of the investments assumed to be held by LIC, since the fund is managed by 
LIC.
  The estimates of future salary increases, considered in actuarial valuation, takes into account of in/f_lation, seniority, promotions 
and other relevant factors, such as supply and demand in the employment market.
 The Group expects to contribute `4.97 crores to the plan assets during FY 2026-27.
  Actuarial gains/losses are recognized in the period of occurrence under other comprehensive income (OCI). All above reported 
/f_igures of OCI are gross of taxation.
 Maturity pro/f_ile of projected bene/f_it obligation: 
` in crores
Pr
ojected bene/f_its payable in future years from the date of reporting March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Within 1 year  1.08  0.53 
1-2 year  0.83  0.96 
2-3 year  1.13  0.72 
3-4 year  1.70  0.95 
4-5 year  1.19  1.48 
5-10 years  11.13  11.81 
11 years and above  33.96  25.80 
1. b. De/f_ined contribution plans:
  Amounts recognized as expenses towards contributions to Provident and Family Pension Fund, Employee State Insurance 
Corporation and other funds by the Group are `5.70 crores (previous year: `4.81 crores) (refer note 26).
` in crores
Par
ticulars  Y ear ended 
March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Contribution to provident and family pension fund  5.65  4.77 
Contribution to labor welfare fund #  0.00  0.00 
Contribution to employees deposit linked insurance (EDLI)  0.04  0.04 
 #  /f_igures are below rounding oﬀ norms adopted by the Company.
2. Other long term employee bene/f_its:
 Privilege le
ave and sick leave assumptions
  The liability towards compensated absences (privilege leave and sick leave) for the year ended March 31, 2026 based on actuarial 
valuation car
ried out by using projected accrual bene/f_it method resulted in increase in liability by `0.90 crores (previous year - 
increase in liability by `0.66 crores).
311
Notes Forming Part of the Consolidated Financial Statements (Contd.)
 a. 
Financial assumptions
` in crores
Par
ticulars As at  
March 31, 2026
As at  
March 31, 2025
Discount rate 7.48% p.a. 6.81% p.a.
Salary escalation rate 7.50% p.a. 7.50% p.a.
 b. Demographic assumptions
` in crores
Par
ticulars As at  
March 31, 2026
As at  
March 31, 2025
Employee turnover
For service 4 years and below 10.00% p.a. 10.00% p.a.
For service 5 years and above 2.00% p.a. 2.00% p.a.
Mortality rate Indian Assured Lives 
Mortality (2012-14) 
Urban
Indian Assured Lives 
Mortality (2012-14) 
Urban
40. FINANCIAL  INSTR UMENTS
 a. Financial instruments by category
  
 The fair values of the /f_inancial assets and liabilities are included at the amount at which the instrument could be exchanged 
in a curren
t transaction between willing parties, other than in a forced or liquidation sale.
   The following methods and assumptions were used to estimate the fair values:
  1.  Fair value of cash and short-term deposits, trade and other short term receivables, trade payables, other current 
liabilities and other /f_inancial institutions approximate their carrying amounts largely due to the short-term maturities 
of these instruments.
  2.  Financial instruments with /f_ixed and variable interest rates are evaluated by the Group based on parameters such as 
interest rates and individual credit worthiness of the counterparty. Based on this evaluation, allowances are taken 
to account for the expected losses of these receivables. Accordingly, fair value of such instruments is not materially 
diﬀerent from their carrying amounts.
  The carrying value and fair value of /f_inancial instruments by categories as at March 31, 2026 were as follows:
` in crores
Par
ticulars As at March 31, 2026 As at March 31, 2025
Carrying 
value
Fair value Carrying 
value
Fair value
Financial assets at amortized cost:
Cash and cash equivalents (refer note 10)  819.76  819.76  338.61  338.61 
Bank balances other than cash and cash equivalents (refer note 11)  1,717.14  1,717.14  1,563.06  1,563.06 
Bank deposits with original maturity of more than twelve months 
(refer note 5)
 1,297.65  1,297.65  329.92  329.92 
Unbilled revenue (refer note 12)  34.85  34.85  15.50  15.50 
Trade receivables (refer note 9)  63.98  63.98  28.86  28.86 
Other /f_inancial assets (refer note 5 & 12)  104.10  104.10  157.77  157.77 
Investment in PSU bank bonds (refer note 4 & 8)  339.19  339.19  270.62  270.62 
Investment in PSU bonds (refer note 4)  200.82  200.82  99.76  99.76 

--- page 173 ---
312
Financial S
tatements
MCX Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
Notes Forming Part of the Consolidated Financial Statements (Contd.)
` in crores
Par
ticulars As at March 31, 2026 As at March 31, 2025
Carrying 
value
Fair value Carrying 
value
Fair value
Investment in state development loan (refer note 4)  619.32  619.32  261.11  261.11 
Investment in G-sec STRIPS (refer note 4)  234.05  234.05  -  - 
Investment in target maturity funds (refer note 4)  215.37  215.37  202.40  202.40 
Investment in associates (refer note 4)  59.97  59.97  60.24  60.24 
Financial liabilities at amortized cost:
Trade payables (refer note 19)  192.91  192.91  85.63  85.63 
Other /f_inancial liabilities (refer note 17, 20 & 36)  2,532.83  2,532.83  1,239.81  1,239.81 
Financial assets at FVTPL:
Mutual funds (refer note 8)  1,228.56  1,228.56  447.30  447.30 
Exchange traded funds (refer note 4 & 8)  -  -  42.58  42.58 
Financial assets at FVTOCI:
Investments in unquoted equity shares of other entities  
(refer note 8)
 32.18  32.18  17.25  17.25 
  Note:-
  1.  Investment in equity instrument & warrants are not held for trading. The Group has chosen to measure these at FVTOCI 
irrevocably as the management believes that presently fair value gains and losses relating to these investments in the 
Statement of Pro/f_it and Loss may not be indicative of the performance of the Group.
  2. The fair value of mutual funds is based on quoted price.
  3.  The fair value of unlisted equity shares is based on the valuation provided by the certi/f_ied valuer.
  The following table presents fair value hierarchy of assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis as at 
March 31, 2026:
 b. Fair value measurement
  
The following table presents fair value hierarchy of assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis
Particulars As a t  
March 31, 2026
As at  
March 31, 2025
Level Hierarchy for determining and disclosing the fair value 
of /f_inancial instruments by valuation technique:
Financial 
Assets
Investments in 
Mutual Funds 
(FVTPL)
 1,228.56  447.30  1 & 2 1.  Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for 
identical assets or liabilities.
2.  Valuation techniques for which the lowest level input 
that is signi/f_icant to the fair value measurement is 
directly or indirectly observable. "
Investments 
in equity 
instruments 
(FVTOCI)*
 32.18  17.25 3 Inputs for the assets or liabilities that are not based on 
observable market data (unobservable inputs).
Investments in 
ETF (FVTPL)
 -  42.58 1 Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical 
assets or liabilities.
   *The carrying amount of /f_inancial asset measured at FVTOCI in the /f_inancial statements are a reasonable approximation 
of their fair values since the Group does not anticipate that the carrying amounts would be signi/f_icantly diﬀerent from the 
values that would eventually be received or settled.
313
Notes Forming Part of the Consolidated Financial Statements (Contd.)
 c
. Financial risk management
  i. Financial risk factors
    The Group’s activities expose it to a variety of /f_inancial risks: market risk, credit risk and liquidity risk. The Group’s focus 
is to for
esee the unpredictability of /f_inancial markets and seek to minimize potential adverse eﬀects on its /f_inancial 
performance.
    The Group’s /f_inancial risk management is an integral part of how to plan and execute its business strategies. The 
Group’s /f_inancial risk management policy is set by the group’s management.
  ii. Market risk
  
  Market risk is the risk of loss of future earnings, fair values or future cash /f_lows that may result from a change in the 
price of a /f_inancial instrumen
t. The value of a /f_inancial instrument may change as a result of changes in the interest 
rates, foreign currency exchange rates, equity prices and other market changes that aﬀect market risk sensitive 
instruments. Market risk is attributable to all market risk sensitive /f_inancial instruments including investments and 
deposits, foreign currency receivables, payables.
  iii. Interest rate risk
  
  Interest rate risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash /f_lows of a /f_inancial instrument will /f_luctuate because of 
changes in market int
erest rates. Since the Group has no borrowings, exposure to risk of change in market interest 
rate is nil.
  iv. Foreign currency risk
  
  The Group transacts internationally periodically and few of the transactions are conducted in diﬀerent currencies. 
As the volume of the tr
ansactions are few, the Company has not entered in foreign exchange forward exchange 
contracts.
    The year-end foreign currency exposures that have not been hedged by a derivative instrument or otherwise 
are given below:
Particulars As a t March 31, 2026 As at March 31, 2025
` in crores Amount 
in foreign 
currency
` in crores Amount 
in foreign 
currency
Trade receivables
In USD  0.12  13,143  0.32  37,543 
Trade payables
In USD  -  -  0.05  5,860 
  v. Sensitivity analysis
   A change of 5% in foreign currency would have following impact on pro/f_it before tax
Particulars FY 2025-26 FY 2024-25
5% Incr
ease 5% 
decrease
5% Increase 5% 
decrease
Trade receivables
USD  0.01  (0.01)  0.02  (0.02)
Trade Payables
USD #  -  -  0.00  (0.00)
   #  /f_igures are below rounding oﬀ norms adopted by the Group.

--- page 174 ---
314
Financial S
tatements
MCX Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
Notes Forming Part of the Consolidated Financial Statements (Contd.)
  
vi. Derivative financial instruments
    The Group has not entered into any forward exchange contract being derivative instruments.
  vii. Credit risk
    Credit risk refers to the risk of default on its obligation by the counterparty resulting in a /f_inancial loss. To manage 
this, the Group per
iodically assesses /f_inancial reliability of customers and other counter parties, taking into account 
the /f_inancial condition, current economic trends, and analysis of historical bad debts and ageing of /f_inancial assets. 
Individual risk limits are set and periodically reviewed on the basis of such information. The maximum exposure 
to the credit risk at the reporting date is primarily from trade receivables amounting to `63.98 crores and `28.86 
crores as at March 31, 2026 and March 31, 2025 respectively, unbilled revenue amounting to `34.85 crores and  
`15.50 crores as at March 31, 2026 and March 31, 2025 respectively, non-current investments amounting to `1,568.93 
crores and `874.08 crores as at March 31, 2026 and March 31, 2025 respectively, current investments amounting to  
`1,380.37 crores and `527.18 crores as at March 31, 2026 and March 31, 2025 respectively, other non-current /f_inancial 
assets amounting to `1,332.33 crores and `343.01 crores as at March 31, 2026 and March 31, 2025 respectively, cash 
and cash equivalents amounting to `819.76 crores and `338.61 crores as at March 31, 2026 and March 31, 2025 
respectively and bank balances other than cash and cash equivalents amounting to `1,717.14 crores and `1563.06 
crores as at March 31, 2026 and March 31, 2025 respectively.
    Where receivables have been written oﬀ, the Group continues to engage in enforcement activity to attempt to recover 
the receivable due. Where recoveries are made, these are recognized as income in the Statement of Pro/f_it and Loss.
    The Group measures the expected credit loss of trade receivables from individual customers based on historical trend, 
industry practices and the business environment in which the entity operates. Loss rates are based on actual credit 
loss experience and past trends. Based on the historical data, loss on collection of receivable is not material hence no 
additional provision considered.
   Investment in mutual fund is with /f_inancial institutions with credit rating assigned by the credit rating agencies.
   Ageing of account receivables
` in crores
Par
ticulars As at  
March 31, 2026
As at  
March 31, 2025
Trade receivables
< 1 year  63.95  28.98 
1-5 years  0.21  0.06 
> 5 years  -  - 
Total  64.16  29.04 
   Movement in provisions of doubtful debts
` in crores
Par
ticulars As at  
March 31, 2026
As at  
March 31, 2025
Opening provision  0.18  0.18 
Add: Additional provision made  -  - 
Less: Provision reversed  -  - 
Less: Bad trade receivable written oﬀ  -  - 
Closing provision  0.18  0.18 
315
Notes Forming Part of the Consolidated Financial Statements (Contd.)
  
viii. Financial arrangements
    The table below provides details regarding the contractual maturities of signi/f_icant /f_inancial assets and /f_inancial 
liabilities as at Mar
ch 31, 2026 and March 31, 2025:
Particulars FY 2025-26 FY 2024-25
Carr
ying 
value
Fair value Carrying 
value
Fair value
Financial assets:
Cash and cash equivalents (refer note 10)
< 1 Year  819.76  819.76  338.61  338.61 
1 - 5 Year  -  -  -  - 
> 5 Year  -  -  -  - 
 819.76  819.76  338.61  338.61 
Bank balances other than cash and cash equivalents  
(refer note 11)
< 1 Year  1,717.14  1,717.14  1,563.06  1,563.06 
1 - 5 Year  -  -  -  - 
> 5 Year  -  -  -  - 
 1,717.14  1,717.14  1,563.06  1,563.06 
Trade receivables (refer note 9)
< 1 Year  63.95  63.95  28.98  28.98 
1 - 5 Year  0.21  0.21  0.06  0.06 
> 5 Year  -  -  -  - 
 64.16  64.16  29.04  29.04 
Other /f_inancial assets (refer note 5 & 12)
< 1 Year  104.27  104.27  160.85  160.85 
1 - 5 Year  1,323.39  1,323.39  332.66  332.66 
> 5 Year  8.94  8.94  9.68  9.68 
 1,436.60  1,436.60  503.19  503.19 
Investments* (refer note 4 & 8)
< 1 Year  1,380.37  1,380.37  527.18  527.18 
1 - 5 Year  369.32  369.32  363.72  363.72 
> 5 Year  1,139.64  1,139.64  450.12  450.12 
 2,889.33  2,889.33  1,341.02  1,341.02 
Financial liabilities:
Trade payables (refer note 19)
< 1 Year  192.91  192.91  85.63  85.63 
1 - 5 Year  -  -  -  - 
> 5 Year  -  -  -  - 
 192.91  192.91  85.63  85.63 
Other /f_inancial liabilities (refer note 17, 20 & 36)
< 1 Year  2,460.24  2,460.24  1,181.48  1,181.48 
1 - 5 Year  72.59  72.59  58.33  58.33 
> 5 Year  -  -  -  - 
 2,532.83  2,532.83  1,239.81  1,239.81 
   *Investment does not include investment in equity investment of associates.

--- page 175 ---
316
Financial S
tatements
MCX Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
Notes Forming Part of the Consolidated Financial Statements (Contd.)
  
ix. Capital risk management
    The Group aim to manages its capital eﬃciently so as to safeguard its ability to continue as a going concern and to 
optimize retur
ns to our shareholders. The capital structure of the Group is based on management’s judgement of the 
appropriate balance of key elements in order to meet its strategic and day-to-day needs.
    The Group’s policy is to maintain a stable and strong capital structure with a focus on total equity so as to maintain 
investor, creditors and market con/f_idence and to sustain future development and growth of its business. The Group 
will take appropriate steps in order to maintain, or if necessary adjust, its capital structure.
  x. Regulatory risk
  
  The Group requires a number of regulatory approvals, licenses, registrations and permissions to operate our business 
For example
, the Group have licenses from SEBI in relation to, among others, introducing derivatives contracts on 
various commodities. The Group operations are subject to continued review and the governing regulations changes. 
The group regulatory team constantly monitors the compliance with these rules and regulations. There have been 
several changes to the form and manner in which deemed recognized stock exchanges must make contributions 
to a settlement guarantee fund. Should SEBI in the future vary the required contribution amounts to the settlement 
guarantee fund, the Group may have to contribute more of funds to the settlement guarantee fund which could 
materially and adversely aﬀect the Group’s /f_inancial ability. The Group regulatory team keeps a track regarding the 
amendments in SEBI circulars/regulations pertaining to such settlement guarantee fund.
  xi. Clearing and settlement risk
  
  Parties to a settlement may default on their obligations for reason beyond the control of the Group. The Group 
guarant
ees the settlement of trade executed on the Group’s platform and maintains a settlement guarantee fund to 
support its guarantee obligations. SEBI introduced the guidelines on stress testing, settlement guarantee fund (“SGF”) 
to ensure that Group is compliant with International benchmarks and regulations.
41. INVEST MENT  IN AN ASSOCIATES
 a.  The Group has a 24% interest in Countrywide Commodity Repository Limited, formerly known as CDSL Commodity 
Reposit
ory Limited (CCRL), which is involved in the business of repository for electronic warehousing negotiable receipts 
or any other instrument related to commodities related to warehouse repository, to service eNWR market and 20% interest 
in India International Bullion Holding IFSC Limited (IIBH), which is involved in developing products / instruments for the 
international bullion market that will help to establish the market as bullion trading hub globally. CCRL is a public entity 
that is not listed on any public Exchange. The Group’s interest in CCRL and IIBH is accounted for using the equity method in 
the Consolidated /f_inancials statements. The following table illustrates the summarized /f_inancial information of the Group’s 
investment in CCRL and IIBH.
` in crores
Par
ticulars As at As at
March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025 March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
IIBH CCRL
Current assets 263.48 245.32 15.68 17.98 
Non-current assets 46.80 33.29 32.80 32.71 
Total liabilities (64.46) (35.83) (2.05) (1.81)
Equity 245.82 242.78 46.43 48.88 
Proportion of the group’s ownership interest 20% 20% 24% 24%
Carrying amount of the Group’s interest 49.16 48.56 11.14 11.69 
317
Notes Forming Part of the Consolidated Financial Statements (Contd.)
` in crores
Par
ticulars Y ear ended Y ear ended
March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025 March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
IIBH CCRL
Revenue  21.61  53.88  5.34  5.59 
Employee bene/f_its expense  (16.34)  (13.71)  (4.29)  (3.56)
Depreciation and amortization expense  (7.25)  (5.92)  (0.32)  (0.32)
Administration and other expenses  (19.59)  (22.27)  (3.40)  (2.78)
Pro/f_it / (loss) before tax  (21.57)  11.98  (2.67)  (1.07)
Tax expense  -  -  0.24  (0.23)
Pro/f_it / (loss) for the year  (21.57)  11.98  (2.43)  (1.30)
Other comprehensive Income  23.15  5.16  (0.02)  (0.01)
Total comprehensive Income for the year  1.58  17.14  (2.45)  (1.31)
Group's share of pro/f_it / (loss) for the year 
(net of tax)
 (4.31)  2.40  (0.58)  (0.31)
Group's share of other comprehensive 
income /(loss) for the year #
 4.63  1.02  (0.00)  (0.00)
Group's share of total comprehensive income 
/ (loss) for the year
 0.32  3.42  (0.59)  (0.31)
  #  /f_igures are below rounding oﬀ norms adopted by the Group.
  The associates had the following contingent liabilities and capital commitments
` in crores
Par
ticulars As at As at
March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025 March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
IIBH CCRL
Contingent liabilities  -  -  -  - 
Commitment:
Estimated amount of contracts remaining 
to be executed on capital account/uni00A0  and not 
provided for
 -  -  -  - 
42. CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY
  As per Section 135 of the Companies Act 2013, a Company, meeting the applicability threshold, needs to spend at least 2% of its 
av
erage net pro/f_it for the immediately preceding three /f_inancial years on corporate social responsibility (CSR) activities.
  The CSR activities of the Group are generally carried out through charitable organizations, where funds are allocated by the 
Group. These organizations carry out the CSR activities as speci/f_ied in the schedule VII of the Companies Act, 2013 on behalf of 
the Group.
` in crores
Par
ticulars Y ear ended  
March 31, 2026
Y ear ended  
March 31, 2025
Gross amount required to be spent by the Group during the year.  6.16  2.66 
Amount spent during the year on:
(i) Construction/acquisition of any asset  - 
(ii) On purposes other than (i) above  5.23  2.10 
The amount of shortfall at the end of the year out of the 
amount required to be spent by the Group during the year
 0.93  0.57 
The total of previous years’ shortfall amounts  -  - 

--- page 176 ---
318
Financial S
tatements
MCX Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
Notes Forming Part of the Consolidated Financial Statements (Contd.)
` in crores
Par
ticulars Y ear ended  
March 31, 2026
Y ear ended  
March 31, 2025
Amount sanctioned and provision made in books as per 
noti/f_ication issued by The Ministry of Corporate Aﬀairs dated 
January 22, 2021, amending the Companies (Corporate Social 
Responsibility Policy) Rules, 2014.
 4.83  2.12 
Reason for shortfall Pertain to ongoing projects Pertain to ongoing projects
Nature of CSR activities 1.  Promotion of skill 
development among youth 
for employment gain.
2.  Integrated Development 
Project (IDP) support
3.  Upgrade the school into a 
model school and procure 
of student centric materials 
for holistic development of 
underprivileged students by 
promoting Education. 
4.  Promotion of health through 
the procurement of surgical 
materials and supporting 
for patient and community 
centric healthcare program, 
and a customized mobile 
eye care van to serve 
underprivileged communities.
5.  Promotion of Sports for 
athletes training, preparing 
for the Olympics and 
Paralympics 2028, especially 
in shooting 
Promotion of green energy 
and installation of solar 
lights, Safe drinking water, 
Sport promotion and 
Promotion of Education
 Unspent CSR amount is being transferred to a separate bank account.
43. (i)  Additional information as required under Schedule III to the Companies Act, 2013, for enterprises consolidated 
as subsidiary/associa
tes.
   The /f_inancial statements of the following subsidiaries/associates have been consolidated as per Indian accounting 
standards (Ind AS) 110 “Consolidated /f_inancial statements”:
Name of subsidiary/associate Coun try of 
incorporation
Proportion of ownership 
interest (current year)
Proportion of ownership 
interest (previous year)
Multi Commodity Exchange Clearing 
Corporation Limited (MCXCCL)
India 100% 100%
Countrywide Commodity Repository Limited 
(formerly known as CDSL Commodity 
Repository Limited)
India 24% 24%
India International Bullion Holding IFSC Limited 
(IIBH)
India 20% 20%
319
Notes Forming Part of the Consolidated Financial Statements (Contd.)
 (ii) 
 Additional information, as required under Schedule III to the Companies Act, 2013, of entities consolidated as subsidiary 
and associates
.
` in crores
Name of the entities FY 2025-26
Net assets i.e. total 
assets 
minus total liabilities
Share in pro/f_it /(loss) Share in other 
comprehensive 
income (OCI)
Share in total 
comprehensive 
income (TCI)
As a % of 
consolidated 
net assets
Amount As a % of 
consolidated 
Pro/f_it
Amount As a % of 
consolidated 
OCI
Amount As a % of 
consolidated 
TCI
Amount
Holding
Multi Commodity Exchange of 
India Limited
88% 2,514.06 77% 1,029.03 73% 12.69 77% 1,041.72 
Subsidiary (Indian)
Multi Commodity Exchange 
Clearing Corporation Limited
10% 273.57 23% 307.42 0% 0.02 23% 307.44 
Associates (Indian)
Countrywide Commodity 
Repository Limited#
0% 11.14 (0%) (0.58) (0%) (0.00) (0%) (0.59)
India I
nternational Bullion Holding 
IFSC Limited (IIBH)
2% 49.16 (0%) (4.31) 27% 4.63 0% 0.32 
Total 100% 2,847.94 100% 1,331.55 100% 17.34 100% 1,348.89 
# /f_igures are below rounding oﬀ norms adopted by the Group. 
` in crores
Name of the entities FY 2024-25
Net assets i.e. total 
assets 
minus total liabilities
Share in pro/f_it /(loss) Share in other 
comprehensive 
income (OCI)
Share in total 
comprehensive 
income (TCI)
As a % of 
consolidated 
net assets
Amount As a % of 
consolidated 
Pro/f_it
Amount As a % of 
consolidated 
OCI
Amount As a % of 
consolidated 
TCI
Amount
Holding
Multi Commodity Exchange of 
India Limited
86% 1,624.03 74% 414.68 68% 1.51 74% 416.19 
Subsidiary (Indian)
Multi Commodity Exchange 
Clearing Corporation Limited
11% 200.13 26% 143.27 (13%) (0.30) 25% 142.97 
Associates (Indian)
CDSL Repository Limited# 1% 11.69 (0%) (0.31) (0%) (0.00) (0%) (0.31)
India I
nternational Bullion Holding 
IFSC Limited (IIBH)
3% 48.55 0% 2.40 46% 1.02 1% 3.42 
Total 100% 1,884.40 100% 560.04 100% 2.23 100% 562.27 
*/f_igures are below rounding oﬀ norms adopted by the Group. 

--- page 177 ---
320
Financial S
tatements
MCX Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
Notes Forming Part of the Consolidated Financial Statements (Contd.)
44. Secur ities and Exchange Board of India, vide circular CIR/MRD/DRMNP/25/2014 dated August 27, 2014, inter alia, had issued 
norms rela
ted to the computation of minimum required corpus (MRC) to the core settlement guarantee fund (SGF).The required 
contribution shall be contributed by the clearing corporation (minimum 50%) from its own fund, stock exchange (minimum 
25%) and members (maximum 25%). Accordingly, Core SGF had been contributed by clearing corporation (MCX CCL) from its 
own fund and stock exchange (MCX) as prescribed by SEBI guidelines. Accordingly, below mentioned amounts are transferred 
to SGF from reserves of MCXCCL to ensure compliance with said circular:
` in crores
Par
ticulars March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Contribution during the year  234.00  14.15 
Total  234.00  14.15 
  In view of above SEBI circular, the Holding Company during the year ended March 31, 2026, has contributed `104.55 crores 
(March 31, 2025: `48.09 crores) to the SGF maintained by MCXCCL.
  In the event of a clearing member failing to honour settlement commitments, the Core SGF shall be used to ful/f_il the obligations 
of that member and complete the settlement without aﬀecting the normal settlement process.
 Total Core SGF as on March 31, 2026 is `1,367.29 crores (as at March 31, 2025: `930.14 crores) comprising of:
` in crores
Year ended MC
XCCL 
contribution
MCX 
Contribution
Penalties/ 
Interest
Total
March 31, 2026 760.40 285.58 321.31 1,367.29
March 31, 2025 483.53 192.63 253.98 930.14
 The contribution made by MCXCCL and MCX includes the income accrued thereon.
  The penalties transferred during the year is `47.49 crores (as at March 31, 2025: `36.34 crores) and interest income on /f_ixed 
deposits and gain on sale of mutual fund is `78.88 crores (as at March 31, 2025: `64.66 crores).
45. A. D isclosure as per Regulation 53(f) of SEBI (Listing Obligation and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations:
   
Loans and advances in the nature of loans given to associates and others and investments in shares of the Company by 
such parties:
  i.  Details of investments made are given in note 4 & 8.
  ii.  There are no loans or guarantees issued in accordance with section 186 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with rules 
issued thereunder.
 B. Disclosure as per Section 186 of the Companies Act, 2013
  
 The details of loans, guarantees and investments under section 186 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with the Companies 
(Meeting of Boar
d and its Powers) Rules, 2014 are as follows:
  i.  Details of investments made are given in note 4 & 8.
  ii.  There are no loans or guarantees issued in accordance with section 186 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with rules 
issued thereunder.
321
Notes Forming Part of the Consolidated Financial Statements (Contd.)
46. Disclosure under the M icro, Small and Medium Enterprises Development Act, 2006 are provided as under for the year 2025-26, 
to the ex
tent the Group has received intimation from the "Suppliers" regarding their status under the Act.
` in crores
Par
ticulars As at
March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
i.  Principal amount and the interest due thereon remaining unpaid to each 
supplier at the end of each accounting year (but within due date as per the 
MSMED Act).
 - Principal amount due to micro and small enterprise.  3.50  0.88 
 - Interest due on above.  -  - 
ii.  Interest paid by the Group in terms of section 16 of the Micro, Small and 
Medium Enterprises Development Act, 2006, along-with the amount of the 
payment made to the supplier beyond the appointed day during the period. 
 -  - 
iii.  Interest due and payable for the period of delay in making payment 
(which have been paid but beyond the appointed day during the period) 
but without adding interest speci/f_ied under the Micro, Small and Medium 
Enterprises Development Act, 2006.
 -  - 
iv.  The amount of interest accrued and remaining unpaid at the end of each 
accounting year.
 -  - 
v.  Interest remaining due and payable even in the succeeding years, until 
such date when the interest dues as above are actually paid to the small 
enterprises.
 -  - 
  Dues to micro and small enterprises have been determined to the extent such parties have been identi/f_ied on the basis of 
information collected by the management. This has been relied upon by the auditors.
47. EVENT OCCURRING AFTER BALANCE SHEET DATE
  The Board of Directors of Holding Company in their meeting held on May 08, 2026 have approved a payment of /f_inal dividend 
of `8.00 per equit
y share of the face value of `2 each, subject to the approval of equity shareholders in ensuing annual general 
meeting of the Holding Company, once approved, this would result in a cash out/f_low of `203.99 crores. 
48. ADDITIONAL  REGUL ATORY INFORMATION REQUIRED BY SCHEDULE III
a. Financial ratio disclosure
Ratio Numerator Denominator March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025 % variance Reason for variance
Cur
rent ratio 
(in times)
Current 
assets
Current 
liabilities
 1.31  1.87 (29.95%) Mainly due to an increase 
in margins received from 
members.
Return on 
equity ratio 
(in %)
Net pro/f_it for 
the year
Average 
shareholder's 
equity
56.27% 34.33% 63.91% Due to increase in total 
revenue and the PAT in the 
current /f_inancial year has 
increased.
Trade 
receivables 
turnover ratio
Revenue 
from 
operations
Average trade 
receivables
 49.59  24.45 102.82% Due to increase in revenue 
from operations during the 
current /f_inancial year.
Trade 
payables 
turnover ratio
Other 
expenses
Average trade 
payable
 3.41  4.12 17.23%

--- page 178 ---
322
Financial S
tatements
MCX Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
Notes Forming Part of the Consolidated Financial Statements (Contd.)
Ratio Numerator Denominator March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025 % variance Reason for variance
Net capital 
turno
ver ratio
Revenue 
from 
operations
Working 
capital 
(Current 
assets - 
Current 
liabilities)
 2.34  0.90 160.00% Due to increase in revenue 
from operations during the 
current /f_inancial year.
Net pro/f_it 
ratio (in %)
Net pro/f_it for 
the year
Total income 54.82% 46.33% 18.33%
Return 
on capital 
employed 
(in %)
Pro/f_it before 
tax and 
/f_inance costs
Capital 
employed 
(Networth + 
Deferred tax 
liabilities / 
(asset))
58.74% 36.52% 60.84% Due to increase in revenue 
from operations during the 
current /f_inancial year.
Return on 
investment 
(in %)
Income 
generated 
from treasury 
investments
Average 
invested 
funds in 
treasury 
investments
6.73% 7.70% (12.60%)
b. Relation with struck oﬀ Companies
 ` in crores 
Name of Str
uck oﬀ Company Nature of 
Transactions with 
Struck oﬀ Company
Balance 
outstanding as at 
March 31, 2026
Balance 
outstanding as at 
March 31, 2025
Relationship with the 
Struck oﬀ company, if 
any, to be disclosed
A.J. Commodities Private Limited Trade Receivable  (0.12)  (0.12) Member
Chaitanya Commodities Private 
Limited
Trade Receivable  (0.12)  (0.11) Member
Blue Chip Commodities Broking 
Private Limited#
Trade Receivable  0.00  0.00 Member
Skyline Tradecom Private Limited # Trade Receivable  (0.00)  (0.00) Member
Aadya Commodities Private 
Limited
Trade Receivable  0.52  0.52 Member
Orion Broking Services (India) 
Private Limited
Trade Receivable  (0.01)  (0.01) Member
Dreams Comtrade Private Limited # Trade Receivable  (0.00)  (0.00) Member
F6 Commodities Private Limited Trade Receivable  -  (1.14) Member
Fair Commodities Trading Private 
Limited #
Trade Receivable  (0.00)  (0.00) Member
Altos Advisory Services Limited Trade Receivable  -  (0.24) Member
Indhu Commodities Private Limited Trade Receivable  (0.04)  (0.04) Member
Moneyhouse Commodity Private 
Limited*
Trade Receivable  -  (0.97) Member
Omji Commotrade Private Limited # Trade Receivable  (0.00)  (0.00) Member
Silverline Commodities Private 
Limited
Trade Receivable  (0.15)  (0.15) Member
Broadway Commodities Private 
Limited
Trade Receivable  -  (0.01) Member
PCS Securities Limited # Trade Receivable  -  (0.00) Member
323
Notes Forming Part of the Consolidated Financial Statements (Contd.)
 ` in crores 
Name of Str
uck oﬀ Company Nature of 
Transactions with 
Struck oﬀ Company
Balance 
outstanding as at 
March 31, 2026
Balance 
outstanding as at 
March 31, 2025
Relationship with the 
Struck oﬀ company, if 
any, to be disclosed
RVI Commodity Services Private 
Limited
Trade Receivable  0.02  0.02 Member
SAS Commodities Private Limited # Trade Receivable  (0.00)  (0.00) Member
SRV Commodities Private Limited # Trade Receivable  0.00  0.00 Member
Shree Saibalaji Commodities # Trade Receivable  (0.00)  (0.00) Member
Girdhar Securities Private Limited Trade Receivable  -  - Member
Reckon Marketing Services # Trade Payable  -  (0.00) Vendor
Hotel Saket # Trade Payable  -  0.00 Vendor
Amarnath Enterprises # Trade Payable  -  0.00 Vendor
Woodland Retreat Trade Payable  0.01  - Vendor
Informatic Value Research Private 
Limited *
Trade Payable  2.82  2.82 Vendor
 #  /f_igures are below rounding oﬀ norms adopted by the Company.
 * the entity is active in current FY (March 31, 2025 - struck oﬀ )
c. Other information:
 (i) 
 No proceedings have been initiated on or are pending against the Group for holding benami property under the Benami 
Transac
tions (Prohibition) Act, 1988 (45 of 1988) and Rules made thereunder.
 (ii)  The Group has not been declared wilful defaulter by any bank or /f_inancial institution or government or any government 
authority.
 (iii) The Group does not have number of layers of Companies.
 (iv)  The Group has not entered into any scheme of arrangement which has an accounting impact on current or previous 
/f_inancial year.
 (v)  The Group has not advanced or loaned or invested (either from borrowed funds or share premium or any other sources 
or kind of funds) to or in any other person or entity, including foreign entities (“Intermediaries”), with the understanding, 
whether recorded in writing or otherwise, that the Intermediary shall, whether, directly or indirectly lend or invest in other 
persons or entities identi/f_ied in any manner whatsoever by or on behalf of the Group (“Ultimate Bene/f_iciaries”) or provide 
any guarantee, security or the like on behalf of the Ultimate Bene/f_iciaries.
   Further, the Group has not received any funds from any person or entity, including foreign entities (“Funding Parties”), with 
the understanding, whether recorded in writing or otherwise, that the Group shall, whether, directly or indirectly, lend or 
invest in other persons or entities identi/f_ied in any manner whatsoever by or on behalf of the Funding Party (“Ultimate 
Bene/f_iciaries”) or provide any guarantee, security or the like on behalf of the Ultimate Bene/f_iciaries. ”
 (vi)  There is no income surrendered or disclosed as income during the current or previous year in the tax assessments under 
the Income Tax Act, 1961, that has not been recorded in the books of account.
 (vii) The Group has not traded or invested in crypto currency or virtual currency during the current or previous year.
 (viii) All the title deeds of immovable properties are held in the name of the holding Company.
 (ix) There are no promoters for the holding Company.

--- page 179 ---
324
Financial S
tatements
MCX Integrated Annual Report 2025-26
Notes Forming Part of the Consolidated Financial Statements (Contd.)
 (x) 
 The Group has not revalued its property plant and equipment or intangible assets or both during current year or previous 
year.
 
(xi)  The Group does not have any borrowings from bank and / or /f_inancial institutions.
 (xii)  There are no charges or satisfaction which are yet to be registered with the Registrar of Companies beyond the statutory 
period.
 (xiii)  There are no Core Investment Companies (CIC) in the group.
 (xiv)  The Group has not granted any loans or advances to Directors’ , KMPs and related parties either severally or jointly with any 
other persons that are:
  a) repayable on demand or 
  b) without specifying any terms or period for repayment.
49. Ther e was a business disruption on October 28, 2025 which was restored to normalcy after 3 hours of incident. Hence, the 
Holding Company has paid `
1.00 crores /f_inancial disincentive on January 23, 2026 and the subsidiary company has contributed 
`1.50 crores to the Settlement Guarantee Fund Corpus as /f_inancial disincentive on account of disruption of the market on 
October 29, 2025, December 23, 2025 & Janaury 28, 2026, as mandated by SEBI vide its Master Circular no. SEBI/HO/MRD-PoD2/
CIR/P/2024/00181 dated December 30, 2024.
50. Pursuan t to SEBI Circular CIR/MRD/DP/14/2014 dated April 23, 2014 and exchange circular No. MCX/PMT/298/2025 dated June 
19, 2025, with eﬀect fr
om July 10, 2025 the Holding Company has introduced the Liquidity Enhancement Scheme (LES) in 
electricity future contracts for an initial period of six months from the launch date of said contract. The said schemes continued 
from July 10, 2025 to January 09, 2026. Further, vide exchange circular no. MCX/PMT/642/2025 dated December 17, 2025, the 
LES was proposed to be continued for further three months. An expense of `6.42 crores has been incurred towards the scheme 
for year ended March 31, 2026.
51. On No v ember 21, 2025, the Government of India noti/f_ied the four Labor Codes consolidating 29 existing labor laws. The 
Ministry of Labor & Emplo
yment has also issued draft Central Rules and FAQs to help assess the /f_inancial impact of these 
changes. The Group has assessed the impact of these changes towards gratuity liability for the year ended March 31, 2026, on 
the basis of best information available, consistent with the guidance provided by Institute of Chartered Accountants of India. 
The Group continues to monitor the /f_inalization of Central/State Rules and clari/f_ications from the Government on other aspects 
of the Labor Codes and would provide the appropriate accounting eﬀect on the basis of such developments if needed.
52. Holding Compan y has established an Investor Protection Fund with the objective of compensating investors in the event of 
defaulters’
 assets not being suﬃcient to meet the admitted claims of investors, promoting investor education, awareness and 
research. The Investor Protection Fund is administered by way of a registered Trust created for the purpose. In order to enhance 
the eﬀectiveness of Investor Protection Fund (IPF) of Stock Exchange, SEBI comprehensively reviewed the existing framework. 
The holding Company recognizes a provision for contribution payable to IPF, which is estimated by assessing maximum amount 
which can be paid to the individual claimant as per the extent regulations. As on March 31, 2026, the corpus with the IPF was 
`330.42 crores (Unaudited) (March 31, 2025: `227.76 crores). During the year, the holding Company had made a contribution 
of `20.91 crores (March 31, 2025: `9.62 crores) recognized as an expense. Further, the holding Company has received penalty 
`8.55 crores (March 31, 2025: `1.95 crores) and the same is transferred to IPF.
53. In ac cordance with the relevant provisions of the Companies Act, 2013, the holding Company has long term contracts as of 
March 31, 2026, and M
arch 31, 2025, for which there were no material foreseeable losses. The Company did not have any 
derivative contracts as at March 31, 2026, and March 31, 2025.
325
Notes Forming Part of the Consolidated Financial Statements (Contd.)
54. For the y ear ended March 31, 2026, and March 31, 2025, the holding company is not required to transfer any amount to the 
Inv
estor Education & Protection Fund as required under section 125 of the Companies Act, 2013.
55. The M inistry of Corporate Aﬀairs (MCA) has issued a noti/f_ication (Companies (Accounts) Amendment Rules, 2021) which is 
eﬀectiv
e from April 01, 2023, states that every company which uses accounting software for maintaining its books of account 
shall use only the accounting software where there is a feature of recording audit trail of each and every transaction, and 
further creating an edit log of each change made to books of account along with the date when such changes were made and 
ensuring that the audit trail cannot be disabled.
The Group uses SAP as a primary accounting software for maintaining books of account, which has a feature of recording audit 
trail edit logs facility.
The audit trail features was enabled and operative throughout the /f_inancial year for the transactions recorded in the software 
impacting books of account at application level.
56. The C onsolidated Financial Statements were approved by the Audit Committee and Board of Directors on May 08, 2026.
For and on behalf of the B
oard of Directors
For V. Sankar Aiyar & Co.
Chartered Accountants
Firm R
egistration Number: 109208W
S Nagabushanam Praveena Rai Dr. Harsh Kumar Bhanwala  Ashut osh Vaidya 
Partner Manag ing Director & CEO Chairman  Director 
Membership No. 107022 DIN: 09474203 DIN: 06417704  DIN: 06751825 
Place: Mumbai Manisha Thakur Chandresh S hah
Date: May 08, 2026 Compan y Secretary Chief Financial Oﬃcer
Membership No. A10855
Place: Mumbai
Date: May 08, 2026

--- page 180 ---
Notes
Notes

--- page 181 ---
Notes


--- page 182 ---
