

--- page 1 ---
 
 
LATL:CS:REG30:2025-26               Date: 20.02.2026 
BSE Limited 
Listing & Compliance Department 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai - 400001 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Listing & Compliance Department  
Exchange Plaza, C-1 Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400051 
Security Code : 532796 Symbol : LUMAXTECH 
 
Subject: Transcript of Analysts / Investor Earnings Conference Call – Q3 FY 2025-26 
 
Dear Sir/ Ma’am,  
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 and other applicable Regulations, please find enclosed 
herewith the Transcript of Analysts  / Investor Earnings Conference Call which was held on Friday, 
February 13, 2026  at 03:00 P.M. (IST) to discuss the Operational and Financial performance of the 
Company for the 3rd Quarter and Nine months ended December 31, 2025. 
 
The transcript will also be made available on the website of the Company at  
https://www.lumaxworld.in/lumaxautotech/transcript.html  
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thanking You, 
Yours Faithfully, 
For Lumax Auto Technologies Limited  
 
 
            
   
Pankaj Mahendru 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
ICSI Membership No. A28161 
 
Encl: As stated above 
 

--- page 2 ---
  Page 1 of 19 
 
  
“Lumax Auto Technologies Limited  
Q3 and 9M FY 26 Earnings Conference Call” 
February 13, 2026 
  
 
 
                                                                     
 
MANAGEMENT:  
• Mr. Anmol Jain – Managing Director  
• Mr. Sanjay Mehta – Director and Group Chief Financial Officer  
• Mr. Vikas Marwah – Chief Executive Officer  
• Mr. Ankit Thakral – Chief Finance Officer  
• Mr. Sunil Koparkar – Managing Director – IAC India 
• Mr. Akshay Kashyap – Managing Director – Greenfuel Energy 
• Mr. Naval Khanna – Head Corporate Taxation 
• Ms. Priyanka Sharma – Head Corporate Communications  
• Ms. Surabhi Chandna – Group Head Investor Relations and Value Creation  
 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Lumax Auto Technologies 
Limited Q3 and 9M FY 26 Earnings Conference Call. This conference call may contain 
forward-looking statements about the Company , which are based on the beliefs, 
opinions and expectations of the Company as on the date of this call. These statements 
are not the guarantees of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties  that 
are difficult to predict. 
 As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 


--- page 3 ---
      Lumax Auto Technologies Limited 
 February 13, 2026 
Page 2 of 19 
 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then 
zero on your touch-tone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 I now hand the conference over to Mr. Anmol Jain, Managing Director of Lumax Auto 
Technologies Limited. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Anmol Jain: Thank you. A very good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us for Lumax 
Auto Technologies Limited Q3 and 9M FY 26 Earnings Conference Call . It's a 
pleasure to welcome you all today. I'm joined by our leadership team, including Mr. 
Sanjay Mehta, Director and Group CFO; Mr. Vikas Marwah, CEO of the Company; 
Mr. Ankit Thakral, CFO of the Company; Mr. Sunil Koparkar, Managing Director, 
IAC India; Mr. Akshay Kashyap, Managing Director , Greenfuel Energy; Mr. Naval 
Khanna, Head of Corporate Taxation; Ms. Priyanka Sharma, Head of Corporate 
Communications. And I would also like to introduce Ms. Surabhi Chandna, Group 
Head of Investor Relations and Value Creation. We're also supported by our Investor 
Relations Partners, Adfactors PR. 
 Together, the leadership team looks forward to sharing an overview of the Company's 
operational and financial performance for Q3 and 9 M FY 26, along with the key 
business developments during the period. 
 The results and investor presentations have been already submitted to the stock 
exchanges and are available on the Company's website, and we trust you've had the 
opportunity to read through them. 
 On the industry performance, India's macroeconomic environment during Q3 FY 26 
remains supportive for the automotive sector with growth visible across all major 
segments.  
As per SIAM production data for Q3 FY 26, Passenger Vehicle (PV) production was 
up by 19% year-on-year (y -o-y), 2-wheelers were up by 15% y-o-y, 3-wheelers at 
roughly 3.4 lakh units were up by 35% y-o-y; and Commercial Vehicles (CV also saw 
a positive upward trend of 18% y-o-y.  
This broad -based expansion underscores the strong momentum across the industry 
with overall robust performance of OEMs during the quarter. 
 Importantly, domestic passenger vehicle sales grew by an impressive 21% y-o-y in Q3 
FY 26 compared to the same quarter last year. Demand was further aided by the 
benefits of recent GST rationalization, a buoyant festive and marriage season and 
continued premiumization trends across different categories. 

--- page 4 ---
      Lumax Auto Technologies Limited 
 February 13, 2026 
Page 3 of 19 
 
 In addition, cumulative RBI rate cuts have helped ease financing costs and improved 
affordability, particularly for the mass market consumers. These factors have 
supported higher volumes, better product mix and healthier retail sentiment across 
urban, semi-urban and rural markets, trends that are clearly visible across the sector. 
 Finally, the recent union budget's continued thrust on infrastructure spending, 
manufacturing and supply chain development is expected to provide further structural 
support to the auto ecosystem. 
 In parallel, recent developments on the trade front, including the U.S. trade agreement 
and progress on the EU Free Trade Agreement (FTA)  should be positive for the 
industry over the medium term by improving market access and competitiveness. 
Overall, the macro and industry environment remains constructive with strong 
momentum across segments and improved visibility for sustained growth. 
 Speaking on the Company's performance, in Q3 FY 26, we delivered our highest ever 
revenue with revenues growing by 40% y-o-y. For the 9 M FY 26, revenue increased 
by 38% y-o-y, reflecting sustained momentum across our businesses, supported by 
healthy demand, successful product launches and a continued shift towards premium 
offerings. 
 Driven by this momentum, we would like to revise our revenue growth guidance from 
earlier 25% to now 30%, and we remain firmly on track with our growth objectives 
under our North Star. On the profitability front, EBITDA margins reached 15% for the 
first time during Q3 FY 26 and thus remained aligned with our strategic direction of 
improving EBITDA margins progressively. 
 A quick update on mergers. The merger of Greenfuel Energy Solutions Private Limited 
with the SPV Company, Lumax Resources Private Limited has been approved by the 
Honourable NCLT Chandigarh with effect from February 3, 2026. The merger of IAC 
India with Lumax Auto Technologies is also gaining progress with the first motion 
already completed. 
 We continue to evaluate capital allocations in all our partnerships to create sustainable 
growth for the Company . This reflects a focused effort to simplify the corporate 
structure, enhance our capital efficiency and sharpen the alignment with future -ready 
mobility platform. 
 On new launches, during the quarter, we continued to strengthen our product portfolio 
with several new launches across both passenger vehicles as well as 2 -wheeler 
segments. On the passenger vehicle side, we commenced supplies from Maruti 
Suzuki's Celerio model for the ferrule -less tubes and fittings for the CNG version, 

--- page 5 ---
      Lumax Auto Technologies Limited 
 February 13, 2026 
Page 4 of 19 
 
which is an industry-first localized solution as well as interior parts for Maruti Suzuki's 
Victoris platform. We also added interior components for Mahindra's XUV 7XO and 
XEV 9e models and emission-related parts for Tata's iconic Sierra. 
 In the 2 -wheeler segment, we began supplying plastic parts for TVS' s export model 
and frames for Bajaj's Triumph platform. These wins underscore our strong OEM 
relationships and our ability to participate across multiple platforms and product 
categories. 
 Speaking on the order book, we are pleased to report a robust order book of INR1,450 
crore, which provides healthy visibility for the business going forward. Of this order 
book, approximately 33% is expected to be executed in the next financial year FY 27, 
44% in FY 28 and the remaining 23% in FY 29. 
 The order book continues to reflect healthy traction across all our product verticals 
with Advanced Plastics contributing the largest share, followed by Mechatronics, 
Alternate Fuels and Structures & Control Systems. 
 In closing, Q3 and 9 M FY 26 represent an important milestone in Lumax Auto 
Technologies' journey as we continue to execute our strategy with clarity and 
confidence under our North Star and the BRIDGE (Bold Roadmap Integrating Diverse 
Growth Engines) mid-term plan. We are building a stronger, much more diversified 
and future-ready organization anchored by our focus on premiumization, electronics 
and software-led solutions and sustainable mobility. 
 With a robust order book, strengthening capabilities through initiatives like SHIFT  
(Smart Hub for Innovation & Future Trends) - our tech center, growing momentum in 
businesses such as IAC, mechatronics, Greenfuel and improving industry tailwinds, 
we believe we are well positioned to consistently deliver profitable growth and create 
long-term value for all our stakeholders in an evolving automotive landscape. 
 With this, I would like to now hand over the call to Mr. Ankit Thakral, CFO of the 
Company. 
Ankit Thakral: Thank you, sir. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. The first 
9M of FY 26 have reflected strong execution across businesses, sustained growth 
momentum and continued progress on our strategic priorities. Q3 FY 26 builds on the 
strong foundation laid in the first half with successful transformation of our strategic 
alignment into strong revenue gains and EBITDA expansion, further solidifying the 
strength of our diverse and well-balanced portfolio. 
 Let me walk you through the consolidated financial and operational highlights for the 
quarter and nine months ended 31 st December 2025 . The consolidated revenues 

--- page 6 ---
      Lumax Auto Technologies Limited 
 February 13, 2026 
Page 5 of 19 
 
reached INR1,271 crore for Q3 FY 26, which is historic high for the Company and 
INR3,453 crore for 9 M  FY 26, registering a growth of 40% and 38% y-o-y for  Q3 
and 9M, respectively. 
 This reflects a consistent scale-up across core product lines, steady traction with OEMs 
and continued strong momentum of the Aftermarket portfolio.  On the profitability 
front, EBITDA for Q3 stood at INR191 crore, while for 9M FY 26, it stood at INR497 
crore. This translated into margins of 15% for Q3, which is an improvement of 100 
basis points from Q3 of last year. The same was 14.4% for 9M FY 26. 
 PBT before exceptional item for Q3 FY 26 stood at INR116 crore, while for 9 M, it 
stood at INR295 crore. There is a slight increase in depreciation cost in Q3 FY 26. Part 
of it is due to the capitalization, but majorly on account of amortization on account of 
right-of-use assets because of start of lease on a couple of new facilities. It is because 
of this that the finance cost is also slightly increased in the current quarter. 
 The impact of change in wage codes notified by the Government of India on 21st 
November 2025, amounting to INR14.95 crore has been shown as an exceptional item 
for the Q3 and 9M FY 26. 
 Profit after tax before minority interest for Q3 and 9 M FY 26 stood at INR108 crore 
and INR240 crore, respectively, registering an impressive y-o-y growth of 9 3% and 
60%, respectively. 
 In tax expense, there was a one -time impact in Q3 FY 26 on account of reversal of 
deferred tax as a result of the merger of Greenfuel with the SPV company. Excluding 
the same, effective tax rate comes out nearer to 26%, both for  Q3 and 9M FY 26, and 
we expect it to hold at similar levels way forward too. 
 The share of minority, excluding the same deferred tax impact for the Q3 FY 26 stood 
at 16%, which is again expected to be in the similar range going forward. With respect 
to the division -wide breakup, beginning with the Advanced Plastics division, this 
segment recorded a y-o-y growth of 28% in 9 M with revenues increasing from 
INR1,420 crore to INR1,811 crore. 
 This performance reflects our strategic alignment with OEM programs that prioritize 
design, durability and lightweighting. The order book remains strong at INR745 crore, 
providing solid future visibility. 
 The Mechatronics segment sustained its upward momentum, delivering a y-o-y 
increase of almost 200% in 9 M FY 26 from INR67 crore to INR198 crore with a 
healthy order book of INR345 crores, remains a highly technical business due to its 

--- page 7 ---
      Lumax Auto Technologies Limited 
 February 13, 2026 
Page 6 of 19 
 
high engineering intensity and relevance in the shift towards intelligent mobility 
systems. 
 Turning to the Structure & Control Systems vertical. It reported a y-o-y growth of 15% 
in 9M from INR512 crore to INR588 crore. With an order book of INR180 crore, it 
strengthens our position as a trusted technology partner in the evolving mobility 
ecosystem. 
 The Aftermarket segment showed a strong growth of 15% from 9 M of last year, 
reflecting strong customer traction and product acceptance. We are very much hopeful 
of sustaining this strong growth for the full year FY 26. 
 The Greenfuel Energy Solutions acquired in November last year  FY 25, contributed 
INR270 crore in 9 M, backed by an order book of INR180 crores and with margins 
expected to be accretive to the group average over the medium term. The segment is 
positioned to grow in alignment with our national shift towards alternate fuel platforms 
and driving OEM adoption. 
 Over the year, there has been a notable shift in our revenue composition, leading to a 
well-diversified and balanced mix across mobility platforms. In 9 M FY 26, the 
Passenger Vehicle segment accounted for 53% of total revenues with 2-and 3-Wheeler 
segment contributing 24%, followed by Aftermarket at 10% and EVs at 9%. 
 Capex for 9M stood at INR172 crore, which includes strategic investment in land in 
Gujarat and Kharkhoda regions of INR44 crore. It also includes INR50 crore and 
INR20 crore on the capacity expansion in IAC and Lumax Alps, respectively. These 
investments are aimed at unlocking medium -term revenue growth and supporting 
localization efforts across key platforms. The guidance for the full year is close to 
INR240 crore, which is a slight increase from the earlier outlook given of around 
INR220 crore. 
 As of December 2025, we continue to maintain a strong balance sheet and a healthy 
liquidity position. Free cash reserves stood at INR421 crore, providing us with the 
financial flexibility to support ongoing investments and navigate market cycles 
confidently. The long -term debt stood at INR574 crore, resulting in a conservative 
debt-to-equity ratio of 0.50, which is within our internal comfort thresholds. 
 With this, we conclude the operational and financial overview, we now open the floor 
for questions. 
Moderator: Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. Our first 
question comes from the line of Amit Hiranandani from PhillipCapital. 

--- page 8 ---
      Lumax Auto Technologies Limited 
 February 13, 2026 
Page 7 of 19 
 
Amit Hiranandani: First of all congratulations to the team for one more exceptional set of performance, 
especially at the operational front. And it's good to hear that the FY 26 outlook is 
revised upwards for the second time in this fiscal. So team, are you also looking 
stronger FY 27 as well and can beat the original guidance of 15% organic growth? 
 Also, if you can help us understand the quantum of growth, the subsidiary-wise is just 
to understand which all subsidiaries will still continue to see higher growth momentum 
in the next fiscal as well? 
Anmol Jain: Sure. So thank you, Amit, for your comments on the great set of performance. I think 
on the revenue growth aspect, the buoyancy across segments continues to be fueled by 
key customers. As you know,  Mahindra & Mahindra, Bajaj Auto and Maruti Suzuki 
are amongst our top 5 customers, all of them are showing very positive trends for Q4.  
 So I think for the most part of FY 27, we do believe that we will still be able to maintain 
and in due course, we will look at if we need to revise upwards the guidance. But I 
think we are on track in our North Star of delivering about a 20% CAGR over the next 
3 to 4 years. And as I said before, this is a culmination of both organic and inorganic 
opportunities, which the Company will evaluate in due course. 
 In terms of your question on subsidiaries, I think, yes, the subsidiaries have had a 
significant growth. Some of them, again, coming out of a low base, but I'll let Ankit 
handle in terms of the growth in subsidiaries for next year. 
Ankit Thakral: So yes, subsidiaries for the 9 M, mainly amid IAC and Mechatronics division, they 
have led the growth for the subsidiaries. And I think IAC for the 9 M grew closer to 
40%-odd with respect to the 9 M of last year. And Mechatronics as a whole kitty, 
considering the entities like Lumax Alps Alpine and Lumax FAE, they grew by, I 
think, closer 200% from last year, although on a very low base. 
Amit Hiranandani: So then the subsidiary question was basically for FY 27, like which all subsidiaries 
will still continue to see higher growth momentum? 
Ankit Thakral: So, apart from the Mechatronics and especially the Lumax Alps Alpine will continue 
to have a strong trajectory going forward because some of the SOPs which have 
happened in the middle of the financial year, the full year impact of those will come. 
And as a matter of fact, some of the new business wins which have happened in this 
particular financial year, a couple of them, they will also start somewhere in maybe 
closer to H2 of the next financial year. 
 And, as you must have read the announcement of Mahindra and their increase in 
capacity expansion, IAC will still continue to benefit from that, and they have a couple 
of new models lined up for SOP in the next financial year. However, with respect to 

--- page 9 ---
      Lumax Auto Technologies Limited 
 February 13, 2026 
Page 8 of 19 
 
any exact or specific number with respect to FY 27, we will be able to provide you 
some clarity maybe by the end of March or so. 
Amit Hiranandani: Noted. Sir, my second question pertains to margins. So how confident is the Company 
to attain this guided 16% of EBITDA margin target by FY 28? There are 3 parts to the 
question here, basically.  First is, is there any risk which can probably restrict this 
upward journey? And second, what all steps the Company is taking to achieve this aim 
of 16%. And lastly, which subsidiaries will mostly be going to contribute positively in 
attaining the same? 
Anmol Jain: So Amit, I'll take this first. I think if you look at our performance from Q1 onwards, 
we've progressively expanded our EBITDA margins, which were sitting at around 13% 
and then inching towards 14.5%, and then for Q3, we've done 15%. I think we are 
reasonably confident to maintain a similar EBITDA margin going forward for Q4. 
 And in FY 27 as well, we should be able to expand further by about 50 basis points or 
so. I think the confidence comes from, again, as I mentioned, a very different 
diversified reasons. One, of course, certain subsidiaries like IAC or Greenfuel will have 
a stronger growth compared to the 15% to 20% guidance, which we've given. 
 Both of these sit at a higher margin business. Also, the Aftermarket, which sits at a 
higher-margin business, will continue to also deliver accelerated growth. And once 
again, with the premium offerings, our value content per vehicle will also continuously 
change, thereby pulling the margins further. 
Amit Hiranandani: Right. So there are no risk you see, right, for this upward journey? 
Anmol Jain: I mean most of the risks seem to be mitigated. But of course, if something unforeseen 
comes, then we'll cross that bridge when we get there. But as of now, we seem to be 
on track to maintain the current margins achieved and expand it further as we go 
forward in FY 27 to achieve closer to 16% or so in FY 28. 
Amit Hiranandani: This is good to hear, sir. Sir, just last one question, especially on the standalone side. 
So we are in the process of doing some restructuring and appointed an external 
consultant as well. So I wanted to know what is the status, progress and benefits 
expected on margins? And any internal aim for margin improvement, especially on the 
standalone side? 
 And lastly, similarly, standalone is a big portion of your consolidated business now. 
So from where the growth is expected to come for the next 2 fiscal? And in case you 
want to highlight any new wins so far for the standalone? 

--- page 10 ---
      Lumax Auto Technologies Limited 
 February 13, 2026 
Page 9 of 19 
 
Ankit Thakral: So I think I'll answer in serial order. So with respect to whatever the external help we 
sought, so I think that margins or I would say that, that impact of that particular cost 
has reflected on the standalone financials for this particular financial year. 
 But the full impact of that particular expense, you can see in the consolidated 
profitability because some of the various, I would say, cost cutting or maybe the fixed 
cost reduction savings impact has been reflected in the consolidated financials apart 
from the strategic input they gave on the Aftermarket or maybe the couple of other 
subsidiaries also. 
 So if you exclude that one -time impact in this particular fiscal year, even for the 
standalone financials, the profitability, including the other income will come in the 
region of maybe closer to ~11%, which say, in the last maybe 2 to 3 years, we have 
seen slight improvement from the maybe 8% to 9% that was there in a couple of years 
back of the standalone financials. 
Moderator: Our next question comes from the line of Vijay Kumar Pandey from Nuvama. 
Vijay Kumar Pandey: Congrats for a good set of numbers. Sir, first of all, I wanted to check about the mid -
term FY 28 margin target of 16%. So we are already at 15%, 14.8%. What is the risk 
of not meeting that target? And is there a possibility or in other ways, is it okay to 
assume that we can cross 16% margin in FY 27 or early part of FY 28? 
Anmol Jain: Well, Mr. Pandey, I think we've given an ambitious goal for us to move closer to a 
20% EBITDA over the next 5 to 7 years. I think we would appreciate that the margin 
in this fiscal year, where we were starting in quarter 1 has almost gone up by 180 bps 
in the 9M. 
 I think we are reasonably confident, as I mentioned before, that the EBITDA margins 
between 15% to 15.5% will continue to be maintained on a accelerated top line growth 
of maybe 20 -25%. So in clear absolute amounts, yes, we will have a significantly 
higher profit growth in FY 27. But I think for now, I would still continue to maintain 
a guidance of getting close to ~16% EBITDA in FY 28. 
 There are always risks associated with this journey, but I think the management team 
is quite confident given the diverse set of products and systems we do and also the 
whole premium offerings, which we are trying to get towards as a part of our long -
term strategy, I think we are fairly confident to achieving and sustaining those margins. 
Vijay Kumar Pandey: And sir, secondly, on the subsidiary side, I wanted to check about the loss -making 
subsidiaries. So we said that JOPP will be, again, like it turned EBITDA positive in 
second half, but at PBT level, it will be negative. So if you can help us on JOPP, Ituran, 
Alps Alpine and FAE, the profitability and the growth aspect in these subsidiaries, that 

--- page 11 ---
      Lumax Auto Technologies Limited 
 February 13, 2026 
Page 10 of 19 
 
will be pretty helpful. And also, sir, just wanted to check about the deferred tax, what 
was the impact in the third quarter? 
Ankit Thakral: So I'll answer on the profitability part of your specifically and the deferred tax, then I 
will let Mr. Vikas Marwah to come in and speak about the growth aspects of all these 
subsidiaries. So firstly, just to answer, so with respect to maybe the earlier discussion, 
Vijay, this was specifically for Lumax Yokowo that we mentioned that it will be 
EBITDA positive for the H2 of the current financial year. 
 And just to let you know that Q3 was the first full quarter for the Lumax Yokowo in 
which it became EBITDA positive and also maybe PBT positive also for some part of 
the quarter. But Lumax Yokowo will still continue to have the negative EBITDA for 
the rest of the financial year also. 
 And with respect to your deferred tax query, so as I mentioned in my opening speech, 
it was a one -off. It was nothing but a notional entry on account of the reversal of the 
deferred tax liability, which we accrue d when we acquired the Greenfuel Energy 
through our SPV. Now the merger of that Greenfuel has happened with the SPV . 
 That is why the reversal of deferred tax has come in this particular quarter. However, 
if we exclude that impact, the ETR, that 26 %-odd and will continue to remain at the 
similar percentage way forward also considering the existing structure.  Now I will 
request Mr. Vikas Marwah to come in and comment on the growth of these JVs.  
Vikas Marwah: Thank you, Ankit. So as far as the subsidiaries are concerned, the question is very 
relevant. But let me assure you that even in the subsidiaries also, the management 
continues to focus on the subsidiaries, which have got huge scalability and a larger 
traction. I will begin with Alps. 
 Alps is set to exceed a revenue mark of INR500 crore by FY 31 and also target 
somewhere close to a 15% kind of an EBITDA margin in very technologically 
intensive products. Yokowo, as already mentioned by Ankit, has reached a full quarter 
of profitability as far as the EBITDA margins are concerned and is now approa ching 
market leadership position with at least 2 major OEMs and going to a revenue scale.  
So we have no concerns on that also on scalability and potential to improve the 
profitability.  
Ituran continues to be profitable. Yes, the Telematics vertical as such is not yet 
completely mature in India. It is still in nascent stage. So we have matured our business 
offering with India's premium customer, Daimler India, where our products are already 
successfully validated, and we are waiting for the next business opportunities.  

--- page 12 ---
      Lumax Auto Technologies Limited 
 February 13, 2026 
Page 11 of 19 
 
 FAE already went into successful SOP and is profitable and has got a dominant market 
share at two, 2-wheeler companies, which is Mahindra Motorcycles and Royal Enfield 
and continues to look at the third opportunity very soon. 
 JOPP, of course, was an entry into a product line, which was a second source when we 
came in, primarily the products being shift towers. And currently, even though the 
order book is parked for future scalability, we continue to have active discussions with 
the OEMs in terms of how to integrate this better within our transmission division.  
 Lumax Mannoh and Lumax Cornaglia continue to be high revenue, highly profitable 
entities. So there you go on all these subsidiaries, including, of course, today, 
Greenfuel and IAC, which are much more profitable than all of them. 
Vijay Kumar Pandey: Just sir, on the Telematics part, so do you see any increase in the business coming 
because Advanced Driver Assistance Systems (ADAS) will become mandatory in the 
commercial vehicles from next year onwards?  
Vikas Marwah: So the Telematics offerings from Ituran right now are primarily in the TCU space, 
which is the Telematics Control Unit, which is an advanced version of track-and-trace. 
We have now gone into the eCAN solutions, which are there for the EV vehicles. 
 The FY 27 focus for Telematics will be very strongly on the Aftermarket of Telematics. 
That's a new vertical that we are opening up. And we hope to double our Telematics 
revenue in the next 12 to 18 months riding on these things, besides, of course, waiting 
for the full-blown ADAS opportunities to open up. 
Moderator: Our next question comes from the line of Dhaval Shah from Girik Capital. 
Dhaval Shah: Great set of performance and great to see guidance upgrade since last 2-3 quarters. So 
a couple of questions on the balance sheet front. So our debt seems to be as per the 
guidance. And so considering the capex, you'll be doing around INR220-240 crore this 
year. How should we think about the capex number for the next 2 years? And will we 
see an absolute increase in the debt on the balance sheet? Also, we have some inorganic 
plans also on the cards. So can you just guide us on that front? 
 And a related question is, does this the finance cost for this quarter of INR27 crore 
become a base now for the future quarters? How should we think of it? Because this 
has come as a bit of surprise. And also the depreciation figure is also quite high. So if 
Mr. Thakral can throw some light on that as well? 
Ankit Thakral: So yes, so answering your last of the observation first. So as I mentioned in the opening 
speech, which I think you may be you must have missed. So regarding that depreciation 

--- page 13 ---
      Lumax Auto Technologies Limited 
 February 13, 2026 
Page 12 of 19 
 
and finance cost, so it was mainly on account of amortization of the right-of-use (ROU) 
assets because of start of our lease on a couple of new, I would say, facilities.  
 Of course, some part of it is because of capitalization, but majorly because as per 
accounting now when you capitalize as an ROU, it comes under depreciation and lease 
finance cost. However, considering the way forward for finance cost, you can as per 
the existing term loan, you can take a quarterly figure of anywhere between around 
INR25-26-odd crore for way forward per quarter.  
Dhaval Shah: That will be like the actual cost you are saying? 
Ankit Thakral: Yes. 
Dhaval Shah: The actual interest amount you're going to pay? 
Ankit Thakral: Yes. Similar figure, which was there in, I would say, Q2 of the financial year. And of 
course, answering to your loan, basically the debt position. 
Dhaval Shah: Sir, so this INR27 crore figure which we had, so there was what, INR3 crore of this 
Ind AS impact? 
Ankit Thakral: INR1.5 - 2-odd crore of Ind-AS in finance cost and maybe closer to INR2.5 - 3 crore 
in depreciation. And with respect to your debt query, so considering the existing 
structure, whatever yearly repayment is there of the existing term loans, which are 
majorly on account of acquisition financing also. 
 So I think in the next 3 years, it is getting repaid in full. And as far as, say, any new 
organic, so as of now, nothing is concrete. And as and when if something materializes, 
we will definitely communicate in due course of time. And to your last question again 
with respect to capex 
Dhaval Shah: Yes. The capex. 
Anmol Jain: I think we continue to believe that the annual capex for organic growth should be 
anywhere between INR150 - 200-odd crore. And I think it would vary across 
subsidiaries, but I think this company is sitting on enough internal resources and free 
cash to reinvest into the organic growth of the business. And as Ankit mentioned, if 
there are any inorganic plans which  become concrete in due course, then we will see 
how to leverage and balance the debt versus internal accruals accordingly.  
Dhaval Shah: Got it. And sir, this 16% EBITDA margin aspiration is including other income or 
excluding other income? Generally, we gave including other income, if I'm not wrong? 
Ankit Thakral: Yes. We communicate all our EBITDA numbers, including other income.  

--- page 14 ---
      Lumax Auto Technologies Limited 
 February 13, 2026 
Page 13 of 19 
 
Dhaval Shah: Yes, for FY 28. 
Moderator: Our next question comes from the line of Apurva Mehta from AM Investments. 
Apurva Mehta: Sir, congratulations on great set of numbers. Sir, just only one question, Aftermarket, 
the growth has been always aspirational to grow beyond 20%. But we are not able to 
basically scale up that Aftermarket. Can we see that happening in coming year?  
Anmol Jain: So, thank you very much. I completely agree that the coming quarters, you will start 
seeing a further accelerated growth in the Aftermarket. Having said that, if you were 
to benchmark the other peers in the auto component industry, actually, most of them 
are delivering a growth anywhere between 7% to 11% for the 9M. 
 So we definitely were in that bracket almost about 3-4 quarters ago, where our growth 
was also in single digits.  But I think with the external interventions with completely 
redefining what and how you know looking at the secondary pull in the market, we've 
been able to have an accelerated growth, and we reported a number of  15% growth in 
the Aftermarket. 
 And I think we are on course to achieve a further enhanced growth. As I mentioned, I 
still continue to give the guidance of a 20% growth in the Aftermarket , will definitely 
be achieved going forward in the next year. 
Apurva Mehta: That's good to hear. And on where we have set up a software center, SHIFT,  where 
do we stand currently? And what is the role of that venture? Means what are we trying 
to achieve because we have set up vari ous subsidiaries in China and everywhere . Just 
to get into that where are we heading towards for that? 
Anmol Jain: So maybe I request Vikas to just give a quick update on the SHIFT facility. And maybe 
Sunil, if you want to just give a quick download on the China resource center. Thank 
you. 
Vikas Marwah: Thank you, Apurva ji. So as far as the SHIFT center is concerned, we inaugurated it in 
October 2025 with a bench strength of 25 software engineers. Our first entry of Lumax 
Auto Technology into such a space because of the human capital of software being 
based out of Southern India. 
 SHIFT has got two very clearly defined focuses, the results of which are beginning to 
be visible after two quarters, where they have already lent robustness in terms of the 
software resilience and in terms of the electronic content into a few of the joint ventures 
that we are operating in India right now, where rather than leaning on overseas support, 
we have managed to indigenize it on the India side, inside Lumax. 

--- page 15 ---
      Lumax Auto Technologies Limited 
 February 13, 2026 
Page 14 of 19 
 
 Second, there is a substantial new business that is getting incubated inside Lumax Auto 
Technologies standalone entity right now, the details of which we cannot disclose, and 
we'll be happy to share it in Q2 of the next financial year when it gets into SOP . It is 
wholly being driven in terms of the software management by SHIFT. 
 Thirdly, SHIFT on its own has initiated OEMs for 2 POCs that would be running on 
new age EV -centric products. Now this is, again, an initiative which is being led by 
SHIFT directly, and that is something which they will be focusing upon. 
 So SHIFT will have 2 basic functions. Number one, to give resilience to the existing 
joint ventures and the standalone operations of Lumax Auto Technology in terms of 
the electronification and the software content; and second, drive their own revenues. 
But more about SHIFT, we will be happy to share with you in terms of the next exciting 
news that comes.  On the China office, I will request my colleague, Sunil, to please 
brief you about it. 
Sunil Koparkar: Thank you, Vikas. Thank you. I just wanted to update on the China office. The purpose 
of China office remains the same. We have put in the staff primarily to look at the new 
tooling and development as well as manufacturing, automation, etc. So that is the 
primary focus which will remain. 
 And as a group company, we'll be looking at , we also have signed T echnology 
Arrangements (TA s) with a few companies, and that has already turned into 
businesses. Actually, we have won ambient lighting business for Maruti Suzuki as well 
as some of the premium cupholders and mechanism parts, which we are developing 
with China assistan ce. They have already turned into business and will continue to 
grow as we bring in more premier segmentation into cars. So that’s a brief about China. 
Apurva Mehta: We need to hear all these things. Only last thing on the Greenfuel side, the content per 
vehicle, which going forward was going to expand. Can you throw some light on that 
also? 
Ankit Thakral: I would request Mr. Akshay Kashyap to come in and maybe speak about increase in 
the content per vehicle. 
Akshay Kashyap: Yes. Thank you very much for that question. As you know, the CNG car market 
continues to grow. Today, our content per vehicle is about INR3,200 per vehicle out 
of INR11,500 as an opportunity. 
 As Mr. Anmol had mentioned that on 18th December, we inaugurated a facility of a 
localized ferrule -less technology of fittings, which every car uses and is an 
approximate content of INR3,500 more per vehicle. We believe and we are the only 
first company in India to localize this kind of technology. 

--- page 16 ---
      Lumax Auto Technologies Limited 
 February 13, 2026 
Page 15 of 19 
 
 And therefore, we've already got the order for the Celerio. And as we move forward, 
we are looking to get more of the schedules and visibility on the other vehicles. So that 
will significantly ramp up our content per vehicle from INR3,200 to almost INR6,700 
per vehicle with the caveat on the models we are in. 
Moderator: Our next question comes from the line of Mihir Vora from Equirus Capital.  
Mihir Vora: So sir, my question was basically on the IAC part, where we have seen the new launch 
of XEV 9S and the 7XO. Just trying to understand whether what kind of content value 
increase will we see in these new models? 
Ankit Thakral: So I would request Mr. Sunil to come in and maybe explain you about the content per 
vehicle of these particular two models. 
Sunil Koparkar: I think the content increase, if you look at between 700 and 7XO , the content has not 
really increased because some of the products which are changed is more like bringing 
the bigger screen, it has not affected our portfolio. But we have added some additional 
premium components to both of these models. 
 So content per vehicle may not increase more than, say, INR1,500 in terms of that. 
Because even on the 9S, we were already producing these parts for 9e, but we have got 
some additional content, as I said.  But overall, the volume of EV because of 9S 
introduction will go up. Also, there is a upward-looking statement from Mahindra to 
boost the capacity of 7XO. 
Mihir Vora: Okay. But I think previously, we had mentioned about 700 content is higher than the 
EVs. Is it something like that or EVs content is higher than the 700? 
Ankit Thakral: So Mihir, with respect to the overall manufacturing and thereby integration of all the 
other parts. So I think XUV700 content was slightly maybe on the higher side. But 
however, with respect to as and when the more and more the premiumization vehicles 
are being manufactured by Mahindra, this content per vehicle surely but slowly will 
definitely increase over a period of maybe 18 to 24 months. But yes, for a single 
particular quarter, that impact may be too low to be visible. 
Mihir Vora: Okay. And second one on this, in terms of IAC, are we able to tap into other clientele 
like for selling out more products to Maruti or entering into Tata Motors? Anything , 
any development there? 
Ankit Thakral: So again, I would request Sunil ji to come in. 
Sunil Koparkar: Yes. So we have secured some future business for some of the upcoming programs for 
Maruti Suzuki. We are also looking at expanding our presence in the CV space besides 

--- page 17 ---
      Lumax Auto Technologies Limited 
 February 13, 2026 
Page 16 of 19 
 
the Volvo Eicher portfolio we have today. So we are in discussion with some other CV 
manufacturers to grow the content there as well. 
 Tata, we had received the order. That program is right now on hold and hopefully, it 
gets kicked off again. But we continue to increase our market share in Maruti and other 
non-Mahindra customers as well. 
Mihir Vora: Okay. Just lastly, if I can squeeze in one more. So my last question is on the Greenfuel 
part, where if we see the balance sheet of Greenfuel, the asset turn seems to be very 
high for the business. So just wanted to understand whether -- is it something wh ere 
we are buying out parts and just assembling it? Is it a assembly kind of  a business? 
Some colour on that? 
Ankit Thakral: So yes, as we explained at the beginning of the financial year also, so this particular 
business is an extremely asset -light business because most of the parts, I would say, 
are being procured from outside, some of it as an imported content also and are getting 
assembled internally only. 
 However, with respect to this new product line addition, which we have just recently 
done with respect to this ferrule-less tubes and fittings. So we have made certain capital 
investment maybe closer to around INR8-10 crore for this particular financial year that 
has enabled this particular SOP. 
 But with respect to going forward, apart, if you compare with maybe the other business 
divisions, this particular entity, Greenfuel, continue to be asset -light and much better 
than the Company's overall average Asset Turnover Ratio (ATR). 
Mihir Vora: Okay. But do we look at backward integrating some components here ahead in the 
existing product portfolio also or we'll continue as it is, how it is going on right now?  
Ankit Thakral: Maybe I would request Akshay ji to come in and maybe elaborate something about the 
backward integration of whatever the products. 
Akshay Kashyap: Yes. So once again, thank you for that question. So in our case, if you look at a few 
years ago, the import content was almost as high as 65%. We have already brought it 
down to 35% to 40%. And as we move forward, we are looking at localizing more 
products. 
 Having said that, because our products are very safety critical. There are certain parts 
that are not produced in India at the moment and suppliers are not available. So those 
will continue to be imported. But as Mr. Thakral explained, with the localizatio n of 
this new technology, we would be investing more into expanding that. And therefore, 

--- page 18 ---
      Lumax Auto Technologies Limited 
 February 13, 2026 
Page 17 of 19 
 
when we look at our overall revenues, the import content will become much lower as 
we go forward. 
Moderator: Our next question comes from the line of Sahil Sharma from Dalmus Capital 
Management. 
Sahil Sharma: So, can you provide some more details on the others revenue segment? This seems to 
have grown quite a bit this quarter? 
Ankit Thakral: So maybe with respect to the customer-wise, you may be asking about it. 
Sahil Sharma: Customer-wise also and product -wise also, it's about INR110-111 crores this quarter 
versus INR65 crore in Q3 FY 25? 
Ankit Thakral: So it was nothing but maybe around INR45 - 50 crore of tooling and design revenue, 
which was done by the IAC entity in this particular quarter, which was not there in Q1 
and Q2. 
 Normally, the tooling sales and whatever they happen in the H2 of the financial year. 
So that is why you are seeing in Q3. But however, if you compare with 9M with respect 
to the overall last financial year. So I think the percentage is more or less in the similar 
range. 
Sahil Sharma: Understood. And like what would be the profits from this tooling revenue this quarter? 
Ankit Thakral: So almost more or less in the similar region of the overall company's profitability.  
Sahil Sharma: Okay. Understood, sir. And on IAC, so M&M has announced a new greenfield capacity 
in Nagpur. So are we engaging with them on this? And are we looking to invest in 
Nagpur for the same? 
Ankit Thakral: So I would request Sunil ji to come in and maybe elaborate about it. 
Sunil Koparkar: Yes. So again, thank you, Ankit. So obviously, we have been closely working with 
Mahindra. At this point, I think the decisions are very preliminary stage, I would say. 
But we are in discussion with Mahindra in terms of what kind of acreage or square 
footage of building we need in case we have to set up supplier part kind of situation in 
Nagpur. So I would say it's a little too early, but maybe we'll shed some light maybe 
next quarter on this. But definitely, we are in talks with Mahindra in  terms of setting 
up new plant in Nagpur. 
Sahil Sharma: Sure. And if you could just provide some more details on the ambient lighting business 
with Maruti, I think you mentioned before? 

--- page 19 ---
      Lumax Auto Technologies Limited 
 February 13, 2026 
Page 18 of 19 
 
Sunil Koparkar: So this particular ambient light business, we got because of our collaboration with the 
China partner, and it is for an upcoming program codename Y2V. And that has really 
given us a good in way to get into ambient lighting with Maruti. 
Moderator: Our next question comes from the line of Dhaval Shah from Girik Capital. 
Dhaval Shah: So my question is again, on the finance cost. So last year, our debt was around INR770 
crore, excluding the lease liability part of the borrowings. And today, we are at the 
same number almost. So while our finance cost should be around, say, INR90 -95 crore 
for the year. So what is the interest rate on the debt for us? 
Ankit Thakral: So I think I explained at the beginning of the call, so finance cost for this particular 
quarter, we are seeing an upwards of around INR2 crore, which is basically on account 
of the lease financing, which is done on the basis of the right -of-use accounting. 
Because nowadays, when you are taking a new facility on lease for a longer period of 
time, you have to account for that lease or liabi lity and the part of it comes under 
finance cost and the remaining portion comes under the depreciation cost. 
 So that may be certain retrospective impact has come for this particular quarter.  
However, going forward, this finance cost is considering the existing debt structure 
and whatever the repayments are being done. So this finance cost is expected to settle 
anywhere between around INR25-25.5 crore. 
Dhaval Shah: Sir, what should be the average interest rate on the borrowings then? 
Ankit Thakral: So again, on the long -term borrowings, it varies because most of the debt has been 
taken on the acquisition financing. And whenever any debt is on acquisition financing 
on the purchase of shares, that normally comes at a bit, I would say, higher basis points 
with respect to the traditional borrowing. 
 So on account of traditional borrowing, the average debt may be closer to around 7% 
to 7.5%. However, with respect to the acquisition financing, it is closer to 9%. And on 
the short -term working capital, and again, it varies from bank to bank. However, 
average cost of debt is again closer to maybe 7% to 7.25%. 
Dhaval Shah: 7% to 7.25%, okay. And in terms of taxation, should we be back to the 26% tax from 
next year? 
Ankit Thakral: Yes. So there was a one -off again in this particular quarter. And if we even exclude 
that one -off, the ETR comes out as 26 %-odd only and which will continue way 
forward, too. 

--- page 20 ---
      Lumax Auto Technologies Limited 
 February 13, 2026 
Page 19 of 19 
 
Dhaval Shah: And also the minority part was higher than what was discussed. So previous last 
quarter, there was 14% of PAT was minority. This quarter, it is a 24% minority 
percentage of PAT. And I think for the full year, you had guidance somewhere between 
15%, 16%. So a little confused how to understand this minority figure because it takes 
out a substantial part of the PAT. So any guidance would you like to share with us?  
Ankit Thakral: So again, this thing I explained in my opening speech. So whatever the gain in the 
deferred tax that has come because part of it is by reducing the overall minority, I 
would say, increasing the overall minority percentage because this reversal is on 
account of the merger of Greenfuel and SPV and Greenfuel being a 60% subsidiary. 
 So that is why the 40% impact does come in the minority interest. However, excluding 
that one-off, the share of minority even for this particular quarter is at 16% only. And 
we have given the similar guidance going forward also which will continue between 
15% to 17%. 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, in the interest of time, that was the last question. I now hand 
the conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Ankit Thakral: Thank you once again for joining us for the Q3 and 9 M earnings call and for your 
continued interest in Lumax Auto Technologies. We truly appreciate your time and 
engagement today. Should you have any further questions or require additional 
information, please feel free to reach out to us or our Investor Rela tions Advisors at 
Adfactors PR. 
 We remain committed to keeping the investor community regularly updated on our 
progress. Thank you, and we wish you all a great day ahead. 
Moderator: Thank you. On behalf of Lumax Auto Technologies Limited, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines.  
 
 
This is a transcript and may contain transcription errors. The Company or the sender takes no responsibility for such errors, 
although an effort has been made to ensure high level of accuracy 